Title: Air Fryer Po' Boy
Ingredients: ¼ cup lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1 (14 ounce) package shredded coleslaw mix, ¾ cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground dried chipotle pepper, ½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 ½ pounds large shrimp - peeled, deveined, and tails removed, 2 cups whole wheat panko bread crumbs, 6 (6 inch) whole-wheat hoagie rolls, split and toasted
Instructions: To make the coleslaw: Whisk lemon juice, oil, garlic, tarragon, mustard, and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt together in a bowl. Add coleslaw mix and toss to coat. Set aside. Whisk buttermilk, hot sauce, cayenne, chipotle pepper, black pepper, and remaining salt together in another bowl. Add shrimp to buttermilk mixture, tossing to coat; let marinate for a few minutes. Meanwhile, preheat an air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions. Add 2/3 cup panko to a shallow dish. Remove shrimp from buttermilk mixture, letting excess drip off. Working in 3 batches, dredge 1/3 of the shrimp in 2/3 cup panko, turning evenly to coat. Transfer to a baking sheet and repeat with remaining shrimp and panko. Working in batches if necessary, arrange shrimp in a single layer in the fryer basket. Cook, turning once, until shrimp are golden brown and cooked through, about 8 minutes. To serve, put coleslaw in rolls and top with shrimp.

Title: Air Fryer Buffalo Wings
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, ½ teaspoon cayenne pepper, ¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound chicken wings
Instructions: Preheat an air fryer to 380 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine sea salt, garlic powder, mustard powder, coriander, smoked paprika, cayenne pepper, and black pepper in a shallow bowl. Dredge each chicken wing in the spice mixture and set into the air fryer basket in one layer. Cook in the air fryer until chicken wings are no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). If wings are smaller, reduce cooking time.

Title: New York-Style Crumb Cake
Ingredients: 4 cups cake flour, 1 cup brown sugar, 1/2 cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 1/4 cups butter, melted, 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, beaten, at room temperature, 1/2 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8x8-inch baking pan; set aside. For crumble, whisk cake flour, brown sugar, white sugar, cinnamon, and salt together in a bowl. Pour in melted butter. Crumble with your hands until mixture forms chunks. Let stand for at least 10 minutes for flour to absorb butter. For cake, stir all-purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in another bowl until well combined. Add egg, buttermilk, oil, and vanilla and stir until well incorporated. Spread into the prepared pan. Add crumble over cake batter by breaking into large chunks. Bake until a wooden skewer inserted in the center comes out clean, for 45 to 55 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for at least 1 hour.

Title: Strawberry Crumb Cake
Ingredients: 3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 ¾ cups white sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ¾ cup unsalted butter, cut into ½-inch cubes, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 cups hulled and halved strawberries
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line a 9-inch square cake pan with enough parchment paper to have overhang on all sides. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg together in a large bowl until combined. Cut in butter until mixture resembles wet sand. Measure out 1 cup of the crumb mixture to use for the topping, and set aside. Add buttermilk, eggs, and vanilla to remaining mixture in the bowl. Mix just until there are no dry clumps of flour remaining. Fold in strawberries. Pour cake batter into the prepared pan and smooth into an even layer. Sprinkle 1 cup reserved crumb mixture evenly over the top. Bake cake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out with a few moist crumbs, 60 to 65 minutes. Allow cake to cool completely in pan before carefully lifting out of the pan using the parchment overhang. Cut and serve. Cook’s Note If your strawberries are on the larger side, quarter them instead of halving before adding to the batter.

Title: Chocolate Angel Food Cake I
Ingredients: 2 cups egg whites, ¼ teaspoon salt, 1 ¼ teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 ¼ cups white sugar, 1 ¼ cups confectioners' sugar, 1 ¼ cups cake flour, ¼ cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 ¼ teaspoons vanilla extract
Instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a medium bowl, mix confectioners' sugar, cake flour, and cocoa. Sift together 2 times, and set aside. In a clean large bowl, whip egg whites, salt, and cream of tartar with an electric mixer on high speed until very stiff. Fold in white sugar 2 tablespoons at a time while continuing to mix. Fold in flour mixture, a little at a time, until fully incorporated. Stir in vanilla. Pour into a 10 inch tube pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for approximately 1 hour, or until cake springs back when touched.

Title: Angel Food Cake
Ingredients: 1 cup cake flour, 1 ½ cups white sugar, divided, 12  egg whites, 1 ½ teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 ½ teaspoons cream of tartar, ½ teaspoon salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Clean and fully dry a 10-inch tube pan. Sift together flour, and 3/4 cup sugar, set aside. Whip egg whites, along with vanilla, cream of tartar, and salt, in a large bowl to medium stiff peaks. Gradually add remaining 3/4 cup sugar while continuing to whip to stiff peaks. When the egg white mixture has reached its maximum volume, fold in the sifted ingredients gradually, 1/3 at a time. Do not overmix. Put the batter into the tube pan. Bake in the preheated oven until the cake springs back when touched, 40 to 45 minutes. Balance the tube pan upside down on the top of a bottle to prevent decompression while cooling. When cool, run a knife around the edge of the pan and invert onto a plate. Tips Be sure that your 10-inch tube pan is clean and dry. Any amount of oil or residue could deflate the egg whites.

Title: Sicilian Eggplant Caponata
Ingredients: 1 eggplant, peeled and cut into ½-inch cubes, salt to taste, ¼ cup olive oil, divided, 1 cup finely chopped celery, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 ½ cups canned plum tomatoes, drained and coarsely chopped, 12  green olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, 1 ½ tablespoons drained capers, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon freshly minced oregano, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons white sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, ground black pepper to taste, 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley, or to taste
Instructions: Toss eggplant with salt and place in a colander set over a bowl. Let sit, about 30 minutes. Rinse and pat dry. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add celery; cook, stirring often, until softened, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion is soft and lightly golden, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl using a slotted spoon. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in the skillet. Add eggplant and cook, stirring constantly, until lightly browned, 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in celery mixture, tomatoes, olives, capers, tomato paste, and oregano. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer uncovered until caponata is thickened, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Season caponata with vinegar, sugar, salt, and black pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with parsley.

Title: Best Caprese Skewers
Ingredients: 20  grape tomatoes, 10 ounces mozzarella cheese, cubed, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch ground black pepper, 20  toothpicks
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Toss tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, olive oil, basil, salt, and pepper together in a bowl until well coated. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Skewer one tomato and one piece of mozzarella cheese on each toothpick. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Air Fryer Arancini
Ingredients: 3 large eggs, divided, 2 ½ cups cooked rice, ⅔ cup grated Parmesan cheese, ⅓ cup butter, melted, 1/2 teaspoon Highlands Italian cheese sprinkle (optional), ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, cubed, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, ½ teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch ground black pepper, nonstick cooking spray
Instructions: Beat 2 eggs lightly in a large bowl. Stir in rice, Parmesan cheese, butter, cheese sprinkle, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper; mix to combine. Cover and refrigerate the mixture for 20 minutes. Preheat an air fryer to 370 degrees F (187 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions. Roll mixture into 1 1/2-inch balls. Press a mozzarella cube into the center of each ball and reshape. Combine bread crumbs, Italian seasoning, salt, and pepper in a shallow dish. Beat remaining egg lightly in a second bowl. Dip each rice ball first into egg, then roll in the bread crumb mixture. Place rice balls in air fryer basket and spray with cooking spray. Cook in the preheated air fryer for 6 minutes. Increase temperature to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) and air fry for 3 more minutes.

Title: Million Dollar Deviled Eggs
Ingredients: 12 large hard-boiled eggs, peeled, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons butter, softened to room temperature, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons sweet pickle juice, 1/2 teaspoon sriracha, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons crumbled crisp cooked bacon
Instructions: Slice eggs in half lengthwise. Remove egg yolks, and place in a bowl. Add mayonnaise, butter, mustard, pickle juice, Sriracha, salt, and pepper to the yolks. Mash with a fork or use a small food processor until filling is very smooth and creamy. Evenly scoop or pipe egg yolk mixture into each egg white. Top with bacon crumbles. Move to the refrigerator to chill or serve immediately. From the Editor: Here's everything you need to know to boil eggs perfectly every time.

Title: Peach and Goat Cheese Tartine
Ingredients: 2 (1 inch thick) slices French bread, toasted, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, or as needed, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, softened, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 6  fresh peach slices
Instructions: Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place toast on prepared baking sheet and drizzle each side with about 1 teaspoon olive oil. Stir goat cheese, thyme, pepper together in a bowl until soft and spreadable. Spread cheese mixture on each piece of toast all the way to the edges so entire piece is covered. Top each toast with 3 peach slices; drizzle remaining olive oil and sprinkle salt over the top. Broil in the preheated oven until tops and edges are lightly browned and cheese and peaches are warmed through, about 2 minutes.

Title: Olive Boursin Spread
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons pitted Kalamata olives, drained and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons pimento-stuffed green olives, drained and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons oil packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained and roughly chopped, 1 (5.2 ounce) package garlic & fine herbs Gournay cheese (such as Boursin®), softened, 1/2 fresh lemon, zested and juiced, 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil, 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1/2 cucumber, sliced 1/4-inch thick, crackers, any kind, fresh oregano leaves (optional)
Instructions: Combine Kalamata olives, green olives, and sun-dried tomatoes in a small bowl. Add Boursin, lemon zest, lemon juice, olive oil, oregano, and pepper to a bowl, and stir until well combined. Gently mix in the olive mixture. Place a cucumber slice on a cracker, top with a dollop of spread, garnish with an oregano leaf, and serve. Leftover spread may be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator.

Title: Copycat McDonald's Apple Pies
Ingredients: 2 cups peeled, chopped (1/2-inch) apples (from 2 small [12 ounces total] mixed variety apples), 1 1/2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice (from 1 medium lemon), 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, divided, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 (14.1 ounce) package refrigerated pie crust, softened according to package directions (such as Pillsbury), 1 large egg, beaten, Cooking spray
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir together apples and lemon juice. Sprinkle with brown sugar, 2 tablespoons of the granulated sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon of the cinnamon in a medium bowl; set aside until apples release some juice, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high until melted and bubbling. Add apple mixture and reduce heat to medium; cook, stirring occasionally, until apples are softened and juices are just slightly reduced, 6 to 9 minutes. Stir in cornstarch and vanilla; cook, stirring constantly, until mixture is bubbling and thickened, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and let stand until slightly cooled, 15 to 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll out one refrigerated pie crust into a 12-inch circle. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut into 8 (4x2-inch) rectangles, discarding scraps or reserving for another use. Cover cut dough with plastic wrap and repeat with remaining pie crust. Place 8 dough rectangles on a work surface, and lightly brush with egg all the way to edges. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Leaving any excess juices in the bowl, spoon about 1 1/2 tablespoons of apple filling in center of each rectangle with a 1/4-inch border on all sides. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top with remaining dough rectangles, slightly stretching as needed to align edges with base dough. Crimp edges of rectangles using the tines of a fork and brush tops lightly with egg. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat an air fryer to 350°F for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, make 3 evenly spaced diagonal cuts on top of each pie to vent. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix together remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and remaining 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon in a small bowl; sprinkle on top of pies. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Lightly coat air fryer basket with cooking spray. Add 4 pies to basket, and bake until golden brown and crisp, 14 to 17 minutes. Repeat with remaining pies. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Oven Instructions Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) with oven rack in upper third of oven. Line a large rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange pies in a single layer on baking sheet. Bake in preheated oven for 18 to 22 minutes, until golden brown and crisp.

Title: Caramel Apple Pie Cookies
Ingredients: 1 (14.1-ounce) package rolled refrigerated unbaked pie crusts (2 crusts), 1 cup purchased apple pie filling, 1/4 cup caramel sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1/4 teaspoon apple pie or ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon half and half
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Let pie crusts stand according to package directions. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer apple pie filling into a food processor. Lightly pulse apple pie filling in a food processor until in 1/4-inch chunks (see Cook's Note). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll one pie crust into a 14-inch circle on a lightly floured piece of parchment paper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using a pizza cutter or a sharp knife, cut 1/4-inch wide strips. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover cut pie dough with parchment paper or plastic wrap and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll remaining pie crust dough into a 13-inch circle on lightly floured piece of parchment paper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread caramel sauce over rolled pastry. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon apple pie filling over caramel sauce, spreading so that it is evenly distributed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Create a lattice top with dough strips by alternately placing strips on top of the filling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using a 2 1/2-inch diameter cookie cutter, cut rounds from pastry. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer cookies to the prepared baking sheets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir together sugar and apple pie spice in a small bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Brush cookies with half and half and sprinkle cookies with sugar and spice mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are golden brown, about 12 minutes (working in batches). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cool on baking sheets on wire racks for 20 minutes. Remove cookies to a serving tray and serve warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note If you do not have a food processor, chop pie filling on a cutting board into 1/4-inch chunks.

Title: Mom's Apple Cranberry Pie
Ingredients: 1 (14.1 ounce) package pastry for a double-crust 9-inch pie, 4 cups peeled and sliced apples, 2 cups cranberries, ¾ cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line the bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie plate with one pie crust. Arrange sliced apples in prepared crust; spread cranberries over apples. Whisk sugar, cornstarch, and cinnamon in a small bowl; sprinkle mixture over cranberries. Distribute butter pieces over pie filling. Cover filling with remaining pie crust; crimp both crusts together, and cut several slits into top crust to vent steam. Bake in the preheated oven until pie is browned and fruit filling is bubbling, 45 minutes to 1 hour.

Title: Sarah's Homemade Applesauce
Ingredients: 4  apples - peeled, cored and chopped, ¾ cup water, ¼ cup white sugar, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon
Instructions: Combine apples, water, sugar, and cinnamon in a saucepan; cover and cook over medium heat until apples are soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Allow apple mixture to cool, then mash with a fork or potato masher until it is the consistency you like. Photo by cookin'mama. cookin mama

Title: Slow Cooker Applesauce
Ingredients: 8  apples - peeled, cored, and thinly sliced, ½ cup water, ¾ cup packed brown sugar, ½ teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
Instructions: Combine apples and water in a slow cooker; cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours. Stir in brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice; continue cooking another 30 minutes.

Title: Applesauce
Ingredients: 6 cups apples - peeled, cored and chopped, ¾ cup water, ⅛ teaspoon ground cinnamon, ⅛ teaspoon ground cloves, ½ cup white sugar
Instructions: In a 2 quart saucepan over medium heat, combine apples, water, cinnamon, and cloves. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes. Stir in sugar, and simmer 5 more minutes.

Title: Hot Spinach Artichoke Dip
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ¼ cup mayonnaise, ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese, ¼ cup grated Romano cheese, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, ½ teaspoon dried basil, ¼ teaspoon garlic salt, salt and pepper to taste, 1 (14 ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, ½ cup frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, ¼ cup shredded mozzarella cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a small baking dish. Mix cream cheese, mayonnaise, Parmesan cheese, Romano cheese, garlic, basil, garlic salt, salt, and pepper together in a medium bowl. Gently stir in artichoke hearts and spinach. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish; top with mozzarella cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly and lightly browned, about 25 minutes. LazyFoodieGirl

Title: Simple Artichoke Dip
Ingredients: 1 (14 ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix artichoke hearts, mayonnaise, and Parmesan cheese together in a bowl until well combined. Spread mixture in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly and golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. More About This Recipe: This artichoke dip recipe is made with just three ingredients and it's easy to whip up for unexpected company. How to Make Artichoke Dip You'll find a detailed ingredient list and step-by-step instructions in the recipe above, but let's go over the basics: Artichoke Dip Ingredients Believe it or not, you'll need just three ingredients for this easy artichoke dip recipe: a can of artichoke hearts, mayonnaise, and Parmesan cheese. Of course, you can customize the ingredients or spice it up however you like. How to Make Homemade Artichoke Dip Simply mix all the ingredients together, spread the mixture in a baking dish, and bake until hot and bubbly. That's all there is to making artichoke dip at home! What to Serve With Artichoke Dip Pair this artichoke dip with crackers, tortilla chips, crostini , baguette slices, bagel chips , pita bread, or vegetables (such as celery or carrots). Some reviewers recommend serving the dip in a hollowed out bread bowl. The options are endless when it comes to this crowd-pleasing recipe. How to Store Artichoke Dip Store your leftover artichoke dip in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to three days. Reheat in the microwave, in the oven, or in the slow cooker. Can You Freeze Artichoke Dip? While it's best to enjoy the artichoke dip while it's fresh (creamy ingredients like mayonnaise often don't freeze well), you technically can freeze it for up to two months. Allrecipes Community Tips and Praise "This is a great savory appetizer," according to Rhc1234 . "It is very easy to double this recipe. For an added kick, I added some chopped jarred sliced jalapeños. Served with Triscuits." "Great," says Jackgsxr1000 . "I added garlic. I also hollowed out a loaf of french bread and used the pieces for dipping." Editorial contributions by Corey Williams

Title: Spinach and Artichoke Dip
Ingredients: 1 (14 ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, 1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 ½ cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 1-quart baking dish. Combine artichoke hearts, spinach, and mayonnaise in a bowl; mix in 2 cups Monterey Jack, then mix in Parmesan. Transfer to the prepared baking dish and sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup Monterey Jack. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted, about 15 minutes.

Title: Hot Honey Butter Cream Cheese Stuffed Bagel
Ingredients: 1 bagel, 1 ounce cream cheese, cut into 8 slices, 1 tablespoon hot honey or regular honey, plus more for drizzle, 1 tablespoon butter, flaky salt (optional)
Instructions: Preheat an air fryer to 390 degrees F (199 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions. Make 8 small cuts in the bagel, taking care not to cut all the way through, to create small openings. Add a piece of cream cheese in each crevice around the bagel. Combine honey and melted butter in a small dish and coat the stuffed bagel liberally. Sprinkle with salt. Place bagel in the air fryer until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Drizzle with more honey if desired.

Title: Fruit Pizza Chopped Bagel
Ingredients: 1 plain bagel, sliced in half horizontally, 2 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon confectioner's sugar, 1/2 cup mixed fruit, such as pineapple, strawberries, melon
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Toast bagel until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, slightly spread cream cheese on a cutting board. Add powdered sugar and fruit and chop and mix until chunky and well incorporated. Gather mixture together; scrape up with a spatula or bench scraper. Spread mixture onto bottom of toasted bagel and place top piece on top. Serve immediately.

Title: California BLT Chopped Bagel
Ingredients: 1 everything bagel, 2 ounces chive and onion cream cheese, softened, 3 slices crisp cooked bacon, 2 leaves romaine lettuce, 1 slice tomato, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/4 avocado, diced
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Toast bagel until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, slightly spread cream cheese on a cutting board. Add bacon, lettuce, and tomato on top. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and chop mixture until chunky and well incorporated. Add avocado and chop 5 to 7 more times. Gather mixture together; scrape up with a spatula or bench scraper. Spread mixture onto bottom of toasted bagel and place top piece on top. Serve immediately.

Title: Party Beans
Ingredients: 1 pound sliced bacon, 1 ½ pounds ground round, 1 (15 ounce) can baked beans with pork, 1 (15.5 ounce) can white beans, drained, 1 (15.5 ounce) can butter beans, drained, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup barbeque sauce, 1 (1 ounce) envelope dry onion soup mix
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large skillet over medium heat, cook bacon until crisp. Drain, crumble, and set aside. In the same skillet, cook and crumble the ground round until evenly browned. Drain. In a large deep casserole dish or Dutch oven, combine the bacon, beef, baked beans, white beans, and butter beans. Stir in the brown sugar, barbeque sauce, and onion soup mix until well blended. Bake, uncovered, for 1 hour in the preheated oven.

Title: BBQ'D Beans
Ingredients: 1 1/2 pounds ground beef, 3 large green peppers, grated on the large holes of a box grater, or in a food processor, 2 large onions, chopped, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 (19.75 ounce) cans pork and beans, such as Campbell’s® Pork and Beans, 1 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Cook and stir ground beef, green pepper, onion, garlic powder, salt, and pepper together in a large skillet over medium-high heat until beef is browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Drain any excess grease. Stir in pork and beans, ketchup, mustard, brown sugar, and Worcestershire sauce. Pour into a 9x13-inch baking pan. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until hot and bubbly, about 1 hour.

Title: Southern Baked Beans
Ingredients: 8 ounces lean ground beef, 3 strips bacon, diced, 1/2 cup diced yellow onion, 1/2 cup green pepper, 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard, 2 (28-ounce) cans baked beans
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cook ground beef on a large skillet over medium-high heat until browned, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove from skillet and reserve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook bacon in the same skillet 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add onion and green pepper to skillet. Cook, stirring frequently, until bacon is crisp and onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add ground beef, brown sugar, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, and mustard to the bacon mixture; stir until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add ground beef mixture and beans to a 13x9-inch baking dish, stir to combine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake until bubbly, 40 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Banana Bread Brownies
Ingredients: 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 ounces dark chocolate, broken into pieces, 1 cup white sugar, 1/2 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg, 2 very ripe bananas, mashed (about 1 cup), 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 cup chopped walnuts, 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 slices banana (optional), 2 tablespoons white sugar (optional, for banana brûlée)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Generously butter a 9x9-inch square pan. A piece of parchment paper can also be added to the bottom of the pan to prevent sticking. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl; set aside. Melt chocolate in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in 15-second intervals, stirring after each interval, 1 to 3 minutes. Beat butter and sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add egg, vanilla, and mashed banana, and beat until combined. Add chocolate, and beat until mixture is well combined and smooth. Use a spatula to mix in walnuts and chocolate chips, then use the spatula to mix in flour just until flour disappears. Transfer batter into the prepared pan and smooth top. Place banana slices on top, evenly spaced in a grid pattern. Bake in the preheated oven until a skewer comes out almost clean but with some batter on the very tip. If you want fudgier brownies, do not overcook. Let brownies cool in the pan. Cover, refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour, and serve chilled. For optional banana brûlée: While brownies are cooling, cover each banana slice with a half teaspoon of sugar. Use a propane kitchen torch to melt the sugar until dark brown and bubbling. Be careful not to char the edges of the crust around the banana too much. This banana brûlée step can also be done before the brownies go into the oven. John Mitzewich Chef's Note: If not doing the brûlée, the banana slices and surface can be brushed with honey or maple syrup for a glossy appearance. An 8x8-inch pan can be used instead, but the baking time might be a few minutes longer, so test with a skewer.

Title: Banana Banana Bread
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, ¼ teaspoon salt, ¾ cup brown sugar, ½ cup butter, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 ⅓ cups mashed overripe bananas
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Combine flour, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Beat brown sugar and butter with an electric mixer in a separate large bowl until smooth. Stir in eggs and mashed bananas until well blended. Stir banana mixture into flour mixture until just combined. Pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 60 minutes. Let bread cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Banana Chocolate Chip Bread
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 3  ripe bananas, mashed, 1 tablespoon milk, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, or to taste, 1 cup white sugar, ½ cup butter, softened, 2 large eggs, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan, preferably glass. Mix flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir bananas, milk, and cinnamon in another bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat sugar and butter together in a third bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy; add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir banana mixture into butter mixture; mix in flour mixture until just blended. Fold in chocolate chips; pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 70 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack before slicing. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Slice and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Lemon Curd-Poppy Seed Crumb Bars
Ingredients: 3/4 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 3/4 cup lemon curd, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 9x9-inch pan with enough parchment paper to have overhang all sides. In a large bowl, mix together melted butter, brown sugar, vanilla, salt, and almond extract until thoroughly combined. Add in flour, baking powder, and poppy seeds and mix until combined. Measure out about 1 1/2 cups of the mixture and press evenly into the bottom of the prepared pan. Reserve remaining mixture to use as the crumb topping. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is just beginning to turn golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the filling. Mix lemon curd, lemon zest, flour, egg, vanilla extract, and salt together in a bowl with a whisk or electric mixer until thoroughly combined. Pour in sweetened condensed milk and mix until combined. Remove crust from oven and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Pour filling over crust and smooth into an even layer using a spatula. Sprinkle reserved crumbs evenly over filling. Bake until bars look set, 20 to 25 minutes. Allow bars to cool completely in the pan. Place bars into the refrigerator until chilled, at least 4 hours. Cut into 16 bars before serving.

Title: Pumpkin Spice Rice Krispie Treats
Ingredients: 6 tablespoons butter, softened, 1/2 cup pumpkin puree, 2 (10 ounce) bags mini marshmallows, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 12 cups crispy rice cereal, such as Rice Krispies®
Instructions: Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan or casserole dish with butter or cooking spray. Add butter and pumpkin puree to a large pot set over medium heat. Stir well and add vanilla, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and salt. Once the mixture is heated through and homogenous, add marshmallows. Stir constantly, still over medium heat, until marshmallows have melted, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; cool for 15 to 20 minutes. Pour in cereal and mix well. This will require some elbow grease to get all of the cereal evenly coated in the pumpkin-marshmallow mixture! Pour mixture into the prepared pan and use a spatula to flatten and spread out evenly. Place in the freezer until cool to the touch, 15 to 30 minutes. To slice and serve, run a knife along the sides of the pan and invert onto a cutting board. Using a large chef's knife, cut treats into bars.

Title: Marshmallow Cereal Treats
Ingredients: ½ cup butter, divided, 1 (10.5 ounce) package miniature marshmallows, 2 cups crispy rice cereal (such as Rice Krispies®), 2 cups brown sugar and butter-flavored breakfast cereal (such as Cap'n Crunch®), 2 cups fruit-flavored breakfast cereal (such as Froot Loops®)
Instructions: Use about half the butter to generously grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Melt remaining butter in a non-stick stock pot over medium heat; add marshmallows and cook, stirring frequently, until the marshmallows are melted, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove pot from heat. Stir crispy rice cereal, brown sugar and butter-flavored breakfast cereal, and fruit flavored breakfast cereal into the marshmallow mixture to coat; pour into the prepared baking dish and press flat. Cool treats completely before cutting into 3-inch squares.

Title: Triple Seared Whiskey Burger
Ingredients: 1 pound ground beef (85% lean recommended), 2 teaspoons avocado oil, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 1/3 cup whiskey, 1/4 cup soy sauce
Instructions: Wet your hands, and form 2 (8-ounce) burgers; place on a plate, cover, and refrigerate until ready to grill. For this process, cold meat works best. Before starting the triple-searing process, build a very hot hardwood charcoal fire. Oak, mesquite or hickory are great choices. The coals should be glowing red, and radiating extreme heat before the meat hits the grill. Rub burgers all over with oil. Coat with sea salt until entire surface area is completely covered. Pour whiskey into a shallow bowl; set aside. Place burgers on hottest spot on the grill, and sear both sides, 2 minutes per side. Transfer burgers into bowl of whiskey, and turn constantly for at least 1 minute. Most of the salt will rinse off. Place burgers back onto the hottest spot on the grill, and sear both sides again, 2 minutes per side. You can baste steak with a small amount of whiskey while searing. Add soy sauce to another shallow bowl. Add burgers to the bowl, and turn constantly for at least 1 minute. Return burgers to the hottest spot on the grill for the 3rd and final sear. Grill each side until desired doneness is reached, about 2 minutes. For a rosy-pink (medium-rare) inside, remove when an instant-read thermometer inserted near the center reads 125 to 130 F (52 to 54 degrees C). Chef John Chef's Note: For an optional step, after the last (soy) sear, more whiskey can be drizzled over and seared on and while you wait for the burger to finish cooking. For an 8 ounce burger, over very high heat, about 2 minutes per side, per sear, should get you close to medium-rare.

Title: Beef and Pineapple Stir Fry
Ingredients: 1 pound beef top round or top sirloin, thinly sliced, 1/4 cup cornstarch, divided, 1 (14-ounce) can pineapple chunks in juice, drained, juice reserved, 1/2 cup beef broth, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sambal oelek or Sriracha, or to taste, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 cup matchstick-cut carrots, 7 ounces fresh snow peas, trimmed, 1/2 large red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, fresh chopped chives for garnish (optional), hot cooked rice (optional)
Instructions: Combine beef strips and 2 tablespoons cornstarch in a bowl; toss until beef strips are evenly coated. Set aside. To make sauce, stir 1/4 cup reserved pineapple juice, beef broth, soy sauce, rice vinegar, and sambal oelek or Sriracha together in a bowl; set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add beef and onion to the hot oil, and cook, stirring quickly and constantly, until beef is browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in carrots, snow peas, and bell pepper; cook and stir about 1 minute. Add garlic and ginger and cook about 30 seconds. Stir in reserved sauce and pineapple chunks. Stir remaining cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water and add to the skillet. Cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is thickened, 1 to 2 minutes more. Serve immediately with hot cooked rice, garnished with fresh chives, if desired.

Title: Beef Enchilada Bake
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large bell pepper, any color, diced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 (15 ounce) can chili beans, salt and pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 (15 ounce) can red enchilada sauce, divided, 12 corn tortillas, 12 ounces Mexican blend shredded cheese, cilantro, for garnish (optional), sour cream, for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add olive oil, then add onions. Sauté until onions just start to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add bell pepper; sauté 1 to 2 minutes. Add garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add ground beef; cook, breaking up beef with a spatula, until browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Drain any grease. Stir in chili beans. Season with salt, black pepper, and cumin. Stir in 1 cup enchilada sauce, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, spread remaining enchilada sauce evenly in the bottom of a 10x8-inch baking dish. Using a sharp knife, carefully cut a straight edge off one side of the tortillas. Place 4 tortillas with the cut edge facing the sides of the dish. Spread half of the beef mixture over tortillas and top with 3 ounces cheese. Add another layer of tortillas, then beef mixture and 3 ounces cheese to create the second layer. Repeat layers ending with remaining cheese. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove foil; bake until cheese is lightly browned, 5 to 10 minutes more. Remove from the oven; allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with sour cream and chopped cilantro if desired.

Title: Beef and Pork Guiso
Ingredients: 6 pounds bottom round beef roast, 3 pounds pork loin roast, 2 tablespoons adobo seasoning, divided, or to taste, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, divided, or to taste, 2 large onions, 1 head garlic, 2 red bell peppers, 1 orange bell pepper, 1 yellow bell pepper, 10 ounces green olives, 4 cup pickled vegetables (giardiniera), 1/4 cup capers, 1/2 cup chopped cilantro, 1/2 cup corn oil, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup chicken broth, salt to taste
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Cut beef and pork into very tiny cubes; season with about half of adobo seasoning and cumin. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Using a food processor, chop onions and garlic, set aside. Chop red pepper, orange pepper, yellow pepper, onions, garlic, green olives, pickled vegetables, capers, and cilantro in a food processor; place together in a bowl. You may have to chop vegetables in batches. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Heat oil in a very large pot over high heat, add onions and garlic and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Add chopped red pepper, orange pepper, yellow pepper, olives, pickled vegetables, capers, and cilantro, and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Pour in wine; cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add beef and pork and stir well to combine. Stir in chicken broth; season to taste with salt. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Bring mix to a rolling boil; turn heat down to medium-low. Cover; simmer until well reduced, stirring occasionally, about 5 hours. After the first 2 hours, taste and add remaining cumin and adobo seasoning as needed. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Cook's Notes: You can freeze leftovers and they will keep for awhile, although I doubt it will last very long (at least not in my house). A food processor makes preparing the chopped vegetables easy.

Title: Slow Cooker Beef Stew
Ingredients: 2 pounds beef stew meat, cut into 1-inch pieces, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 ½ cups beef broth, 4 medium carrots, sliced, 3 medium potatoes, diced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon ground paprika, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 large bay leaf
Instructions: Gather ingredients. Place meat in slow cooker. Mix flour, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl. Pour over meat, and stir until meat is coated. Add beef broth, carrots, potatoes, onion, celery, Worcestershire sauce, paprika, garlic, and bay leave; stir to combine. Cover, and cook until beef is tender enough to cut with a spoon, on Low for 8 to 12 hours, or on High for 4 to 6 hours. Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Editor's Notes: This original recipe submission called for slow cooking on Low for 10 to 12 hours. When making the video for this recipe, our food stylists found a cook time of 8 hours on Low (or 4 hours on High) was sufficient. Please stir and check doneness along the way to be sure your meat is cooked properly. Serve this stew with classic dinner rolls .

Title: Green Chile Stew
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 pounds cubed beef stew meat (or cubed pork shoulder), 1  onion, chopped, 1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chile peppers, 1 ½ cups beef broth, 1 (4 ounce) can chopped green chile peppers, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 2 large potatoes, peeled and cubed
Instructions: Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add meat and onion; cook and stir until onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Pour in diced tomatoes with chiles, beef broth, and chile peppers. Stir in garlic salt and cumin. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 1 hour. Add a little more beef broth or water if needed during simmering. Stir in cubed potatoes and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 30 more minutes.

Title: Beef Stroganoff
Ingredients: 2 pounds beef chuck roast, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 ounces butter, 4  green onions, sliced (white parts only), 4 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed beef broth, 1 teaspoon prepared mustard, 1 (6 ounce) can sliced mushrooms, drained, ⅓ cup sour cream, ⅓ cup white wine, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Remove any fat and gristle from chuck roast; cut into strips 1/2-inch thick by 2-inches long. Season with ½ teaspoon salt and ½ teaspoon pepper. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add beef and brown quickly. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Push beef to one side of the skillet. Add onions; cook and stir for 3 to 5 minutes, then push to the side with beef. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir flour into juices on the empty side of the pan. Pour in beef broth and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Lower the heat and stir in mustard. Cover and simmer for 1 hour or until the beef is tender. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Five minutes before serving, stir in mushrooms, sour cream, and white wine. Cook until heated through; season with salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve over noodles. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Simple Beef Stroganoff
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package egg noodles, 1 pound ground beef, 1 (10.5 ounce) can fat-free condensed cream of mushroom soup, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, or to taste, ½ cup sour cream, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sauté ground beef in a large skillet over medium heat until browned and crumbly; 5 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rapid boil. Cook egg noodles at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, 7 to 9 minutes. Drain and set aside. Drain and discard any fat from the cooked beef. Stir condensed soup and garlic powder into the beef. Simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove beef from the heat. Add egg noodles and stir to combine. Stir in sour cream and season with salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Beef Stroganoff for Instant Pot
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons canola oil, ½  onion, diced, 2 teaspoons salt, divided, 2 pounds beef stew meat, cut into 1-inch cubes, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, ½ teaspoon dried thyme, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 cups chopped mushrooms, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 (16 ounce) package wide egg noodles, ¾ cup sour cream, or to taste
Instructions: Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as an Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Heat oil for 1 minute. Add onion and 1/2 teaspoon salt to pot; cook and stir until onion begins to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle beef with 1 teaspoon salt and the pepper. Add to the pot. Cook and stir until beef is evenly browned, about 2 minutes. Add garlic and thyme; cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Pour in soy sauce. Stir mushrooms into the pot. Stir in flour until incorporated. Stir in chicken broth and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. Close and lock the lid. Set to high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions for 10 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method. Open pot; stir in egg noodles. Close and lock the lid. Set to high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions for 5 minutes. Release pressure naturally for 5 minutes according to manufacturer's instruction. Release remaining pressure using the quick-release method. Open pressure cooker; stir in sour cream. fabeveryday

Title: Individual Beef Wellingtons
Ingredients: 1 pound fresh mushrooms, sliced, ½ cup dry sherry, ½ cup chopped onion, ¼ cup butter, ¼ cup chopped parsley, 6 (8 ounce) fillets beef tenderloin, 1 (17.5 ounce) package frozen puff pastry, partially thawed
Instructions: Combine mushrooms, sherry, onion, butter, and parsley in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir until all the liquid is absorbed and mushrooms are well browned, about 15 to 20 minutes. Allow to cool, then cover the top of each piece of tenderloin with mushroom mixture. Cut each partially thawed puff pastry sheet into 3 rectangles, for a total of 6 pieces of puff pastry. Roll out each puff pastry rectangle to about 1/4-inch thickness and place beef in the center; fold up and seal all the edges, making sure the seams are not too thick. Place on a baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap, and store in the refrigerator until 35 minutes before serving time. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Bake beef Wellingtons in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C) for medium rare. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving. Christopher Abba Recipe Tip Delicious with a classic French béarnaise sauce. Editor's Note: Please note the differences in ingredient amounts and preparation when using the magazine version of this recipe.

Title: The Best Beef Carpaccio
Ingredients: 1 pound beef tenderloin, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, divided, 2 anchovies, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 4 cups baby arugula, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 cup capers, 1/2 cup shaved Parmesan cheese, baguette slices for serving (optional)
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios. Wrap beef very tightly in plastic wrap and place in the freezer until just slightly firm, about 1 hour. Chill 4 large plates in the refrigerator until ready to serve. Meanwhile, prepare sauce. Combine mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, anchovies, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in the bowl of a food processor. Blend until smooth and set aside. Remove plastic wrap from beef. Using a very sharp knife, carefully slice paper-thin slices of beef. Arrange beef in a single layer divided among 4 chilled plates. Toss arugula with remaining lemon juice and pepper, olive oil, and salt. Place arugula mixture in the center of the beef. Drizzle evenly with reserved sauce; sprinkle with capers and cheese. Serve immediately with baguette slices.

Title: Beef Wellington
Ingredients: 2 ½ pounds beef tenderloin, 4 tablespoons butter, softened, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, 1  onion, chopped, ½ cup sliced fresh mushrooms, 2 ounces liver paté, salt and pepper to taste, 1 (17.5 ounce) package frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 large egg yolk, beaten, 1 (10.5 ounce) can beef broth, 2 tablespoons red wine
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place beef tenderloin in a baking dish. Spread 2 tablespoons softened butter over beef. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until browned, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove beef from the pan and reserve pan juices; allow beef to cool completely. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Increase oven temperature to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Sauté onion and mushrooms in butter for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix paté and remaining 2 tablespoons softened butter together in a bowl; season with salt and pepper. Spread paté mixture over beef. Top with onion and mushroom mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll out puff pastry dough to about 1/4-inch thickness and place beef in the center. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold up and seal all the edges, making sure the seams are not too thick. Place beef in a 9x13-inch baking dish, cut a few slits in the top of dough, and brush with egg yolk. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) and continue baking until pastry is a rich, golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read between 122 to 130 degrees F (50 to 54 degrees C) for medium rare. Set aside to rest. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, place reserved pan juices in a small saucepan over high heat. Stir in beef broth and red wine; boil until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Strain and serve with beef. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Chef John's Almond Biscotti
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, ¼ teaspoon fine salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2  large eggs, ¼ teaspoon vanilla extract, ¾ teaspoon almond extract, ½ cup whole roasted almonds, ½ cup chopped roasted almonds
Instructions: Whisk flour, baking powder, and salt together in a mixing bowl. Place butter, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, olive oil in a separate mixing bowl. Mix together thoroughly until mixture has a creamy texture. Add 1 egg; mix into butter/sugar mixture. Whisk in 2nd egg, vanilla extract, and almond extract; whisk until smooth. Add flour mixture. Mix until flour is incorporated. Add whole almonds and chopped almonds; mix in evenly. Cover bowl with plastic wrap; refrigerate 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with a silicone mat. Divide dough in half. Place each half on a length of plastic wrap and shape into a log. Wrap with the plastic wrap and press into a shape about 3 or 4 inches wide and about 1/2 inch high. Transfer both pieces to prepared baking sheet leaving about 3 or 4 inches of space between them to allow for spreading. Bake in center of preheated oven until turning golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes before slicing. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Cut each piece at a slight angle into 1/2- to 1 -inch thick slices with a serrated knife. Transfer pieces back to baking sheet in a single layer. Bake 12 minutes; remove from oven and flip pieces over. Return pan to oven and bake until biscotti are golden brown and crunchy, about 20 minutes. Transfer biscotti to a cooling rack; let cool to room temperature. Recipe Tips If using kosher salt, use 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt instead of 1/4 teaspoon fine salt. Depending on the size and shape of the biscotti, your baking times will vary greatly. Keep peeking at them once they get close, and wait for that perfect golden brown. Editor's Note: Please note the differences in yield and cook time, as well as the use of cranberries instead of chopped almonds when using the magazine version of this recipe.

Title: Cranberry Pistachio Biscotti
Ingredients: ¾ cup white sugar, ¼ cup light olive oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, ½ teaspoon almond extract, 2 large eggs, 1 ¾ cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, ¼ teaspoon salt, 1 ½ cups pistachio nuts, ½ cup dried cranberries
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Mix sugar and oil together in a large bowl until well blended. Mix in vanilla and almond extracts, then beat in eggs. Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a separate bowl; gradually stir into egg mixture until combined. Fold in pistachios and cranberries by hand. Divide dough in half. Form each piece into a 12x2-inch log on the prepared cookie sheet. Dough may be sticky; wet hands with cool water to handle dough more easily. Bake in the preheated oven until logs are light brown, about 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Cut logs on the diagonal into 3/4-inch-thick slices. Lay cookies cut-side down on the cookie sheet. Bake cookies until dry, 8 to 10 minutes. Rob Tanner Cook’s Note If your pistachios are salted, omit the 1/4 teaspoon salt from the recipe. I have used other nuts instead of pistachios with success.

Title: Cranberry-Orange Biscotti
Ingredients: ½ cup butter at room temperature, 1 cup white sugar, 2  eggs, 1 tablespoon orange zest (Optional), 1 teaspoon orange extract, ¼ teaspoon almond extract, 2 ¾ cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon baking soda, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 (6 ounce) package sweetened dried cranberries (such as Craisins®), or more to taste
Instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Beat butter and sugar together in a bowl until mixture is creamy. Beat in eggs, orange zest, orange extract, and almond extract. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a separate bowl; mix dry ingredients into moist ingredients to make a stiff dough. Mix sweetened cranberries into dough. Form dough into a ball, cut into halves, and shape each half into a log. Place logs onto prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until the edges are lightly browned, 20 to 25 minutes. Let logs cool completely on wire racks. Cut logs into slices on a slight diagonal and lay the slices on the parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake biscotti until crisp and lightly golden brown, about 7 minutes. Recipe Tip For crunchier biscotti, reduce the heat to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) and bake for 7 more minutes.

Title: Rotel Biscuit Bombs
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon oil, 1/2 cup chopped white onion, 1/2 lb ground sirloin, 1 tablespoons low sodium taco seasoning, plus more for garnish, 1/2 (10-ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chiles  (such as RO*TEL®), 4 ounces processed American cheese (such as Velveeta®), cut into large chunks, 2  (16.3-ounce) cans refrigerated biscuits, cold, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, taco sauce for dipping (optional)
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and cook, stirring constantly, about 1 minute. Add ground beef and cook, stirring, until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in taco seasoning and cook for 1 minute. Mix in tomatoes and reduce heat to medium-low. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture comes to a simmer. Cook for 3 minutes and reduce heat to low. Add in cheese and stir until melted and fully combined. Remove from heat and let cool completely. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 2 12-cup muffin tins. Roll out biscuits, 1 at a time, into 4-inch circles. Spoon about 1 tablespoon of filling onto the center of each circle. Bring dough up around the filling, pinching it together to seal the bottom. Work your way around until the filling is fully encased in the biscuit bomb. Place each biscuit bomb seam side down into prepared muffin tins. Brush each biscuit bomb with melted butter and sprinkle with taco seasoning. Bake in the preheated oven, rotating once halfway through, until deep golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes. Rest biscuit bombs on a cooling rack for 15 minutes before eating. Serve on their own or with taco sauce on the side for dipping.

Title: Iced Dried Cherry Biscuits
Ingredients: 2 1/4 cups flour, plus more for rolling, 3/4 cup coarsely chopped dried cherries, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 1/2 teaspoons orange zest, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 stick (8 tablespoons) butter, 3/4 cup full-fat Greek-style yogurt, 1/2 cup very cold orange juice, or more as needed, 1 cup sifted powdered sugar, 5 teaspoons whole milk, 1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (218 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk together flour, dried cherries, sugar, baking powder, orange zest, baking soda, and fine sea salt in a large bowl. Coat whole stick of butter in the flour mixture. Grate butter on the large holes of a box grater into bowl. If butter starts to melt, coat butter in flour mixture again and continue grating. Use your fingers to toss butter in flour mixture until all butter pieces are separated and coated in flour. Mixture should resemble coarse crumbs. Whisk together yogurt and orange juice in a small bowl; add to flour mixture. Gently fold to bring dough together. Dough should be moistened but still crumbly. If dough is too dry, add more cold orange juice, 1 tablespoon at a time, until fully moistened. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Lightly knead three or four times until dough comes together. Sprinkle with flour; pat to 3/4 inch thickness. Cut dough into four equal portions. Stack portions, press down, and pat again to form a 3/4-inch-thick rectangle. Repeat process three times, adding flour as needed. Press a 2 1/2- to 3-inch biscuit cutter straight down into dough to cut out biscuits. Gently knead scraps together, pat to 3/4-inch thickness, and repeat cutting. Arrange on prepared baking sheet (biscuits should be barely touching). Bake until tops are crisp and golden brown, 15 to 16 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes. Stir together powdered sugar, milk, and 1/8 teaspoon sea salt in a bowl until icing is well combined. Drizzle biscuits with icing; garnish with more orange zest. Store in an airtight container up to 3 days; chill up to 1 week. To reheat, bake about 10 minutes at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).

Title: Herby Ricotta Biscuits
Ingredients: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 stick (8 tablespoons) very cold  butter, 3/4 cup full-fat ricotta cheese, 1/2 cup very cold water, 1/4 cup finely chopped fresh herbs (such as parsley, chives, thyme, and/or oregano), 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and fine sea salt in a large bowl. Coat whole stick of butter in flour mixture. Grate butter on the large holes of a box grater into bowl. (If butter starts to melt, coat butter in flour mixture again and continue grating.) Use your fingers to toss butter in flour mixture until all butter pieces are separated and coated in flour. Mixture should resemble coarse crumbs. Whisk together ricotta and water in a small bowl; add to flour mixture. Gently fold to bring dough together. Dough should be moistened but still crumbly. If dough is too dry, add more cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until fully moistened. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Lightly knead three or four times until dough comes together. Sprinkle with flour; pat to 3/4-inch thickness. Cut dough into four equal portions. Stack portions, press down, and pat again to form a 3/4-inch-thick rectangle. Repeat process three times, adding flour as needed. Press a 2 1/2- to 3-inch biscuit cutter straight down into dough to cut out biscuits. Gently knead scraps together, pat to 3/4-inch thickness, and repeat cutting. Arrange on prepared baking sheet (biscuits should be barely touching). Bake in the preheated oven until tops are crisp and golden brown, 15 to 16 minutes. Let cool on baking sheet 5 minutes. Stir together fresh herbs and lemon zest in a small bowl. Brush tops of baked biscuits with melted butter; sprinkle with herb mixture and Parmesan cheese. (Store in an airtight container up to 3 days; chill up to 1 week. To reheat, bake about 10 minutes at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).

Title: Blintz Souffle II
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons butter, 2 (13 ounce) packages frozen cheese-filled blintzes, 4  eggs, beaten, 1 ½ cups sour cream, 1 ¼ cups white sugar, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon orange juice
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt the butter in a 2-quart casserole, and place the frozen blintzes on top of the butter in a single layer. Mix the eggs, sour cream, sugar, salt, vanilla extract, and orange juice in a bowl until thoroughly combined, and pour the mixture over the blintzes. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is lightly browned, and a toothpick inserted into the center of the casserole comes out clean, about 45 minutes.

Title: Cottage Cheese Blintzes
Ingredients: 3  eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, ¾ cup all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, or as needed, 2  (16 ounce) containers small curd cottage cheese, very well drained, 2  egg yolks, ¼ cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, or as needed
Instructions: Whisk together the eggs, milk, and 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil in a bowl; gradually add in the flour, whisking to remove all lumps. Brush a small skillet with 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, and heat over medium-high heat. Pour about 2 tablespoons of batter per crepe into the heated skillet, and tilt the pan to completely cover the surface with batter. Crepes should be about 5 inches in diameter. Cook the crepes until golden on the bottom, and set but not wet on top, 1 to 2 minutes per crepe. Don't flip the crepes. Set the cooked crepes aside. Mix the cottage cheese, egg yolks, sugar, and lemon juice in a bowl until very well combined. To fill, place a crepe in front of you on a work surface with the cooked side up, and place about 1/4 cup of cheese filling in the center of the crepe. Fold the right and left edges of the crepe over the filling, and roll the crepe over to seal the filling in, making a compact little roll filled with cheese. Set the blintzes aside. Heat 1 teaspoon of vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat, and place the filled blintzes into the hot skillet. Pan-fry the blintzes until golden brown on each side, about 2 minutes per side. Eat hot or cold. Cook's Note It's best to begin draining the cottage cheese first off, since it can take awhile. The less liquid in the cottage cheese, the easier it will be to make the crepe. Using a colander or sieve is best, so long as the holes aren't too big.

Title: Cheese Blintzes
Ingredients: 1 (1 pound) loaf white bread, 4 tablespoons white sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ½ cup butter, melted, 1 pint sour cream
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a cookie sheet generously with non-stick cooking spray. Trim crusts from bread and roll the slices flat. In a small bowl combine sugar and cinnamon to make a mixture. In a large mixing bowl, mix softened cream cheese, milk and vanilla until smooth. Spread this mixture onto each slice of flattened bread. Roll each bread slice up. Dip bread/cream cheese rolls in melted butter, roll the blintzes immediately in the sugar-cinnamon mixture. Cut rolls into 1 inch pieces. Arrange the blintzes on the prepared cookie sheet. Bake for 10 minutes. Serve with sour cream.

Title: Maple Pecan Blondies
Ingredients: 2 cups all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon baking soda, 2/3 cup unsalted butter, 1 1/4 cups packed brown sugar, 1/2 cup pure maple syrup, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 1/2 cups pecans, toasted and chopped, divided
Instructions: Gather ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Line an 8x8-inch baking pan with parchment paper, extending the paper over the sides. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios In a large bowl whisk together flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios In a medium saucepan combine butter, brown sugar, and maple syrup. Cook and stir over medium heat until melted and smooth, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat; let cool for 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir eggs and vanilla into the butter mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir butter mixture into flour mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold in 1 1/4 cups of the pecans. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread batter in prepared pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup pecans over the top. Bake until set, 35 to 40 minutes. The internal temperature should read 200 degrees F ( (93 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cool for 10 minutes on a wire rack before lifting from pan with the parchment paper. Cool completely on a wire rack. Cut into bars for serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Blonde Brownies
Ingredients: 1 cup sifted all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ⅛ teaspoon baking soda, ½ cup chopped walnuts, 1 cup packed brown sugar, ⅓ cup butter, melted, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, ⅔ cup semisweet chocolate chips
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Grease a 9x9-inch baking pan. Sift together sifted flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in a medium bowl. Stir in chopped nuts; set aside. Mix brown sugar and melted butter in a large bowl until combined; cool slightly. Stir beaten egg and vanilla into brown sugar mixture. Add flour mixture, a little at a time, mixing just until combined. Spread batter into the prepared baking pan. Sprinkle chocolate chips on top. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. France C

Title: Maple Blondies
Ingredients: 1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1/2 cup pure maple syrup, 1/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon maple extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/2 cup confectioner's sugar, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 3/4 teaspoon maple extract, or to taste, 1/8 teaspoon salt, or to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line an 8x8-inch square pan with enough parchment paper to have overhang on all sides. In a large bowl, whisk together melted butter, 1/2 cup maple syrup, brown sugar, egg, 1 teaspoon maple extract, and vanilla extract until thoroughly combined. Add in flour, baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg, and mix until combined. Pour batter into prepared pan and smooth into an even layer. Bake until bars feel just set, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove to cool on a wire rack for about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, make the glaze. Whisk together confectioner's sugar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, heavy cream, 3/4 teaspoon maple extract, and 1/8 teaspoon salt until smooth. After bars have cooled for 15 minutes, pour glaze evenly over bars. Allow glaze to set, and bars to cool completely. Cut into 16 bars.

Title: Classic Bloody Mary
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon sea salt, or as needed, ice cubes, as needed, ¾ cup spicy tomato-vegetable juice cocktail (such as V8®), 1 (1.5 fluid ounce) jigger vodka, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 dash hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®), salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 stalk celery, 2  garlic-stuffed green olives, threaded onto a toothpick
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour salt onto a small plate. Moisten the rim of a glass and press into the salt. Fill the glass with ice cubes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill a cocktail shaker with ice cubes; add vegetable juice cocktail, vodka, Worcestershire sauce, hot pepper sauce, salt, and pepper. Cover and shake until the outside of shaker has frosted, about 20 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Strain Bloody Mary into the prepared glass. Garnish with celery stalk and olives. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Classic Canadian Caesar
Ingredients: 1  lime wedge, 1 tablespoon celery salt, or as needed, ice cubes, as needed, 1 fluid ounce vodka, 1 dash Worcestershire sauce, or to taste, 1 dash hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®), or to taste, 8 fluid ounces tomato and clam juice cocktail (such as Clamato®), 1  celery stick
Instructions: Gather ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Wet the rim of a cocktail glass with lime wedge; set lime wedge aside for garnish. Place celery salt in a small dish; press the rim of the glass into salt to coat. Add ice to the glass. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour vodka, Worcestershire sauce, and hot pepper sauce over ice. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top with tomato-clam juice. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Garnish with lime wedge and celery stick. Serve with a straw. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of sodium for the celery salt. The actual amount of celery salt consumed will vary.

Title: Bloody Mary Cocktail
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups ice cubes, 4 fluid ounces tomato juice, 1 ½ fluid ounces vodka, ¼ fluid ounce fresh lemon juice, 4 dashes hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®), 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 pinch salt and ground black pepper, ice, 1 stalk celery, for garnish
Instructions: Fill a pint glass or goblet with 1 1/2 cups ice. Set aside. Combine tomato juice, vodka, lemon juice, hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire sauce, salt, black pepper, and 1 cup ice in a mixing glass. Stir until chilled and strain into ice-filled pint glass or goblet. Garnish with a celery stalk.

Title: Blueberry Cream Cheese Pie
Ingredients: 1 cup all-purpose flour, ¾ cup chopped pecans, ½ cup butter, melted, 4 cups blueberries, 1 cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, ⅓ cup lemon juice
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Mix flour, pecans, and butter in a bowl. Press dough into a 9x13-inch baking dish to form a crust. Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Allow crust to cool completely. Meanwhile, heat blueberries, sugar, cornstarch, and 1 teaspoon lemon juice in a saucepan over medium heat until berries burst and juice thickens, about 10 minutes. Allow blueberry sauce to cool completely. Beat cream cheese until fluffy. Add sweetened condensed milk and blend well. Stir in 1/3 cup lemon juice. Pour cream cheese filling into cooled crust and spread blueberry sauce over cream cheese. Chill in refrigerator for at least 2 hours before serving.

Title: Blueberry Galette
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups all-purpose flour, ½ cup cornmeal, ½ teaspoon fine salt, ½ cup cold unsalted butter, cubed, 6 tablespoons ice water, or as needed, 1 pound fresh blueberries, rinsed and dried, ½ cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 1 ½ teaspoons cornstarch, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon water, 1 tablespoon demerara sugar
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. ALLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPTY Combine flour, cornmeal, and salt in a bowl with a pastry blender. Add cold butter and combine with the pastry blender until coarse crumbs form. . ALLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPTY Drizzle in cold water, a little at a time, stirring to combine with a fork, until dough comes together ALLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPTY Turn dough onto a work surface and bring together with your hands; press into a disk of dough. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes. ALLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPTY Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a Silpat® baking mat. Combine blueberries, sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, and cornstarch in a bowl. ALLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPTY Remove dough from the refrigerator and roll on a lightly floured work surface into a 15-inch circle, about 1/8 inch thick. Place blueberry filling into the center of the dough, leaving 3 to 4 inches of space around the border of dough. Fold dough up and around the berries, rotating a few inches and make another fold, overlapping the first; repeat around the dough until pleats are formed. ALLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPTY Combine beaten egg and water in a small bowl and brush on the dough. Sprinkle on demerara sugar. ALLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPTY Bake in the center of the preheated oven until golden, about 45 minutes. ALLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPTY Serve and enjoy! ALLRECIPES / VICTORIA JEMPTY Chef's Notes: I trimmed the edges for a neater look, but traditionally this is not done, and a rustic look is encouraged. You can use white sugar instead of demerara.

Title: Homemade Blueberry Pie
Ingredients: ¾ cup white sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon, ¼ teaspoon salt, 4 cups fresh blueberries, 1 (14.1 ounce) package double-crust pie pastry, thawed, 1 tablespoon butter
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Set an oven rack to the lowest position and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon, and salt together in a bowl; sprinkle over blueberries. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Line a pie dish with one pie crust. Pour berry mixture into the crust and dot with butter. Cut remaining pastry into 1/2- to 3/4-inch-wide strips. Use the strips to weave a lattice top. Crimp and flute the edges. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake pie on the lowest oven rack until filling is bubbling and crust is golden brown, about 50 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut into slices and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note: This recipe originally indicated an oven temperature of 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). It was revised to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) based on reviews.

Title: Ukrainian Red Borscht Soup
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) package pork sausage, 3 medium beets, peeled and shredded, 3  carrots, peeled and shredded, 3 medium baking potatoes, peeled and cubed, ½ medium head cabbage, cored and shredded, 1 cup diced tomatoes, drained, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste, 8 ¾ cups water, divided, or as needed, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon white sugar, or to taste, salt and pepper to taste, ½ cup sour cream, for topping, freshly chopped dill or parsley for garnish
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Crumble sausage into a skillet set over medium-high heat. Cook and stir until no longer pink. Remove from the heat and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill a large pot halfway with water (about 8 cups) and bring to a boil. Add sausage to pot, cover pot, and return to a boil. Add beets and simmer for 10 minutes. Add carrots and potatoes and continue to cook until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes more. Stir in cabbage and tomatoes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook until tender. Stir in tomato paste and remaining 3/4 cup water until well blended; transfer to the pot. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add garlic to the soup, cover, and turn off the heat. Let stand 5 minutes. Stir in sugar and season with salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Ladle into serving bowls. Garnish with sour cream and dill. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip This soup can be served vegetarian-style by omitting the sausage.

Title: Lithuanian Šaltibarščiai (Cold Beet Soup)
Ingredients: 4 large eggs, 1 quart buttermilk, 1 pound beets, peeled and shredded, 1 large English cucumber - peeled, quartered, and sliced, 1 bunch fresh dill, minced, ¼ cup minced chives
Instructions: Place eggs into a saucepan in a single layer and cover with water by 1 inch. Cover the saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and let eggs stand in hot water for 15 minutes. Drain, then run under cold water to cool. Peel and chop eggs; place into a large bowl. Add buttermilk, beets, cucumber, dill, and chives; stir gently to combine. Chill in the refrigerator for 24 hours before serving. Recipe Tip You can use canned beets (three 15-ounce cans) instead of fresh beets if preferred.

Title: Beef and Beet Borscht
Ingredients: 1 (1 inch thick) slice bone-in beef shank, 3 quarts water, 1  onion, chopped, 1 cup chopped carrots, ½ cup chopped celery, 1  bay leaf, 3 cups diced peeled beets, 2 cups chopped cabbage, ¼ cup white vinegar, or to taste, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup sour cream, for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, for garnish
Instructions: Cook beef shank in a large soup pot over high heat until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Add water, onion, carrots, celery, and bay leaf; bring to a simmer and cook until meat is tender and falling off the bone, about 4 hours. Strain broth and discard solids. Combine beef broth, beets, and cabbage in the same pot; cook, stirring occasionally, until beets are tender, about 30 minutes. Reduce heat to low; add vinegar, salt, and black pepper. Serve soup in bowls garnished with sour cream and dill. Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of beef broth ingredients, even though only the broth is used.

Title: Hot Honey Butter Cream Cheese Stuffed Bagel
Ingredients: 1 bagel, 1 ounce cream cheese, cut into 8 slices, 1 tablespoon hot honey or regular honey, plus more for drizzle, 1 tablespoon butter, flaky salt (optional)
Instructions: Preheat an air fryer to 390 degrees F (199 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions. Make 8 small cuts in the bagel, taking care not to cut all the way through, to create small openings. Add a piece of cream cheese in each crevice around the bagel. Combine honey and melted butter in a small dish and coat the stuffed bagel liberally. Sprinkle with salt. Place bagel in the air fryer until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Drizzle with more honey if desired.

Title: Flatbreads with Roasted Red Pepper Sauce
Ingredients: 4 large red bell peppers, halved lengthwise, stemmed, and seeded, 1/3 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1/4 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, plus leaves for garnish, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 (14.1 ounce) package rectangular flatbreads (2 flatbreads) (such as Stonefire®), 2 cups shredded fontina cheese, 1 cup shredded cooked chicken (see "To Cook Chicken,” below), 1/2 cup sliced pitted kalamata and/or green olives, cracked black pepper, for garnish
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line 2 (10x15-inch) rimmed baking sheets with foil. Arrange half of the peppers, cut sides down, on each prepared baking sheet. Roast in the preheated oven until skin is blistered and charred, 30 to 40 minutes. Transfer peppers to a large bowl. Cover with plastic wrap or a tea towel; let stand until cool enough to handle, 20 to 30 minutes. Peel and discard skins. You should have about 2 cups roasted peppers. Reduce oven temperature to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). For sauce, blend roasted peppers, almonds, oil, chopped basil, lemon juice, garlic, and salt in a blender or food processor until smooth. Make Ahead Transfer sauce to an airtight container and chill for up to 1 week. Remove and discard foil from baking sheets. Arrange 1 flatbread on each baking sheet. Spread each flatbread with 1/2 cup sauce, spreading to 1/2 inch from edges. Reserve remaining sauce for another use. Top evenly with cheese, chicken, and olives. Bake until cheese is melted and edges are browned, 8 to 9 minutes. For a crispier crust, bake topped flatbreads 6 to 7 minutes directly on oven rack instead of on baking sheets. Garnish with black pepper and additional basil. Cut each flatbread into 6 slices. To Cook Chicken: Lightly brush 1 (6-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breast with 2 teaspoons vegetable oil. Put on a foil-lined pan in a cold oven. Set oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C); roast 20 to 25 minutes or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Title: Perfect Pan Pizza
Ingredients: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, 1 cup lukewarm water, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 6 ounces low moisture, part skim mozzarella cheese, shredded, 3/4 cup easy no-cook pizza sauce (see below), 1/3 cup sliced pepperoni
Instructions: Whisk flour, yeast, and salt together in a large bowl. Stir water and 1 tablespoon olive oil together in a separate bowl or measuring cup and add to flour mixture. Stir just until well combined. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature until dough has tripled in size, 8 to 12 hours. Alternatively, cover and refrigerate at least 12 hours and up to 36 hours, or until dough has tripled in size. Uncover dough and transfer to a floured surface. Gently stretch and fold dough over a few times until nearly smooth; use your hands to lightly shape dough into a ball. Dough should remain a little sticky. Pour remaining olive oil into a 12-inch cast iron skillet and use your fingers to liberally coat the bottom and sides of the skillet. Using oiled hands, transfer dough to the skillet, gently flatten into a thick disc shape, and lightly coat with some of the oil. Lightly cover the skillet with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature for 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Use fingers to lightly press dough to an even layer to the edges of the pan and about 1/2 inch up the sides. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese around the edges and over dough. Sprinkle 1/3 cup shredded mozzarella over dough. Spread pizza sauce in an even layer over entire crust. Sprinkle with remaining cheese and top with pepperoni. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is golden around the edges and cheese is lightly browned and melted, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and place on the stove over medium heat. Cook until bottom of crust is golden brown and toasted, 3 to 5 minutes. Carefully slide pizza from the pan to a wire rack; let stand for 10 minutes. Transfer pizza to a cutting board; slice and serve. Easy No Cook Pizza Sauce Here is the recipe for Nicole's Easy No Cook Pizza Sauce . Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Lemon Cheesecake Creme Brulee Croissants
Ingredients: 6 large croissants, 1  cup cheesecake filling, such as Philadelphia® Cheesecake No-Bake, 1/4 cup lemon curd, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 cup white sugar, 1/4 cup water
Instructions: Combine cheesecake filling, lemon curd and lemon zest in a bowl; stir well. Add mixture to a piping bag or large zip-top bag. Make a small cut in the corner of the bag. Use a paring knife to make a small cut into the side of each croissant. Create an opening large enough to pipe the filling into. Fill each roll with about 3 tablespoons of filling. Place filled croissants on a wire rack set inside a lined baking sheet to catch excess drippings. Add sugar and water to a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce to medium low and cook, without stirring, until lightly golden brown, about 10 minutes. Remove mixture from the heat. Working very carefully, pour sugar syrup evenly over prepared croissants to lightly coat rolls; let stand until completely cooled and lightly hardened on top, 10 to 15 minutes. From the Editor: Nutrition for this recipe includes the full amount of glaze. The actual amount consumed will vary. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Flat Croissant with Nutella and Berries
Ingredients: 1 large croissant, 1 1/2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon chocolate hazelnut spread (such as Nutella®), 1/4 cup fresh berries, such as sliced strawberries, blueberries or raspberries
Instructions: Use a rolling pin or hands to flatten the croissant to 1/4-inch thick. Heat butter a medium skillet over medium heat until melted. Place croissant in skillet, bottom side down, and press firmly with bottom of a smaller skillet or saucepan until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Drizzle honey evenly over croissant and add remaining butter to skillet. Flip croissant over and press again, cooking until the top side is lightly browned and toasted, about 2 minutes. Remove to a plate to cool. Spread Nutella over the croissant and top with berries as desired.

Title: Carrot Cake Pancakes
Ingredients: 1 ¼ cups all-purpose flour, 1 ½ teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, ½ teaspoon baking soda, ¼ teaspoon table salt, 1 cup whole buttermilk, ¼ cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ¾ cup finely grated carrot, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for griddle, 3 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons golden raisins, 3 tablespoons toasted chopped pecans or walnuts, 3 tablespoons toasted unsweetened coconut flakes, 1 tablespoon finely chopped candied ginger (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the pancake batter: Whisk flour, baking powder, cinnamon, pumpkin pie spice, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl. Add buttermilk, brown sugar, egg, and vanilla; stir until just combined. Stir in carrots and melted butter until just combined. Set batter aside while you prepare the frosting and topping. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the frosting: Whisk cream cheese, milk, powdered sugar, and vanilla together in a medium bowl until smooth. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To prepare the topping: Stir raisins, pecans, coconut, and ginger together in a small bowl. Set aside. Heat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat; grease with butter. Working in batches, scoop 1/4 cup batter per pancake into the skillet, being sure not to overcrowd it. Cook until bubbles begin to form on surface of pancakes and edges look dry, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip, and cook until fluffy and slightly firm, about 1 minute. Repeat with remaining batter, adding butter and adjusting heat as needed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide pancakes evenly among 4 plates; drizzle evenly with frosting and sprinkle evenly with topping. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Slow Cooker Breakfast Burritos
Ingredients: 2 pounds bulk breakfast sausage, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 medium bell pepper, finely chopped, cooking spray, 1 (16 ounce) package frozen shredded hash browns, 2 ½ cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 12 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 (10 inch) flour tortillas, warmed
Instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage and cook, breaking it up with the back of a spoon, until lightly browned and crumbly, about 8 minutes. Add onion and bell pepper; cook until onion is softened, about 5 more minutes. Blot any excess oil in the pan with a paper towel. Continue to cook until sausage is cooked completely, 5 to 7 more minutes. Remove from the heat. (This step can be done 1 day ahead.) Spray a slow cooker with cooking spray. Add sausage mixture, hash browns, and Cheddar cheese. Whisk eggs, milk, salt, and pepper together in a bowl until well blended. Pour into the slow cooker and stir until evenly combined. Cook on Low 6 to 8 hours or on High for 3 to 4 hours, stirring after the first hour. Serve mixture inside warmed tortillas with desired toppings. Cook's Notes: This is easily adaptable! You can use Monterey Jack cheese instead of Cheddar. Or add in your favorite breakfast ingredients such as chopped ham, sliced chile peppers, or cooked bacon. To speed up the cooking process, skip the slow cooker! Place the mixture in a large casserole dish and bake in a 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 60 to 70 minutes. Bonus: This holds up well after the slow cooker is turned off so it can sit, covered, for an extra hour or two so breakfast doesn't have to be rushed!

Title: Breakfast Burrito with Potatoes and Chorizo
Ingredients: 1/2 pound fresh chorizo, 1/2 poblano pepper, chopped, 1/2 yellow onion, chopped, 1/2 red bell pepper, chopped, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, cut into bite-sized pieces, 4 large eggs, 1/3 cup half-and-half, salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons butter or olive oil, 1/4 cup shredded cheese, any kind, 4 burrito-sized flour tortillas
Instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add chorizo, poblano pepper, onions, and red bell pepper. Cook until vegetables are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove skillet from heat. In a microwave-safe bowl, cook potatoes with a small amount of water until fork tender, 7 to 10 minutes, stirring halfway through; drain. Stir potatoes into chorizo mixture. Meanwhile, whisk eggs, half-and-half, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl. Heat butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add egg mixture and scramble until eggs are cooked, about 3 minutes. Remove eggs from heat. Fold in cheese. Spoon chorizo mixture in a line across the middle of a tortilla, then add a layer of scrambled eggs. Fold opposing edges of the tortilla to overlap the filling. Roll 1 of the opposing edges around the filling creating a burrito.

Title: Chorizo Breakfast Casserole
Ingredients: cooking spray, 1 lb fresh Mexican chorizo, casings removed, 1 orange bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 poblano chile, finely chopped, 8 large eggs, 2 cups half and half, 2 teaspoons garlic salt, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon chili powder, 1 cup shredded mild Cheddar cheese, 1 cup shredded pepper Jack cheese or quesadilla cheese, 5 cups refrigerated shredded hash browns, 2 avocados, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1/4 cup thinly sliced scallions
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly coat a 13- x 9-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat a large skillet over medium-high. Add chorizo, and cook, stirring to break up meat into small pieces, until browned, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. Do not wipe skillet clean. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add bell pepper and poblano to drippings in skillet; cook over medium, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together eggs, half-and-half, garlic salt, onion powder, black pepper, and chili powder in a large bowl until fully combined. Stir in sausage, bell pepper and poblano, and cheeses until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread hashbrowns in an even layer in prepared baking dish. Pour egg mixture over hashbrowns, pressing to fully submerge hash browns. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in preheated oven until eggs are set in center and top is golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes. Top evenly with avocado slices. Sprinkle evenly with scallions. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: The Ultimate Brunch Casserole
Ingredients: 1 pound frozen hashbrowns, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound fresh chorizo, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 12 eggs, 3 cups grated cheddar cheese, divided, 1 1/2 cups sour cream, divided, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 cup chopped green onions, 1 avocado, sliced, 1/2 cup pickled jalapeños (optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Allrecipes / Maren Ellingboe King Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Spread hash browns over the bottom of the baking dish. Allrecipes / Maren Ellingboe King Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chorizo and onion, using a flat wooden spoon to break up the meat into smaller pieces. Cook until browned, about 8 to 10 minutes. Set aside. Allrecipes / Maren Ellingboe King Whisk eggs, 2 cups Cheddar cheese, 1 cup sour cream, milk, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Stir in chorizo mixture. Allrecipes / Maren Ellingboe King Pour egg mixture over hash browns in baking dish. Dollop remaining 1/2 cup sour cream over eggs, and sprinkle with remaining 1 cup cheese. Allrecipes / Maren Ellingboe King Bake for 35 to 45 minutes, until just set in the center. Sprinkle with green onions, avocado, and pickled jalapeños, if using. Cut into squares and serve immediately. Allrecipes / Maren Ellingboe King

Title: Breakfast Crunchwrap Casserole
Ingredients: 10 frozen hash brown patties, 1 pound breakfast sausage, 1/3 cup jarred salsa, plus more for serving, 2/3 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped pickled jalapeno peppers, 3 tablespoons melted butter, divided, 6 (12-inch) flour tortillas, 1 tablespoon butter, 10 large eggs, 1 tablespoon water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment, and arrange hash brown patties in a single layer. Bake in the preheated oven until browned and crispy, flipping halfway through, 20 to 25 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Stir salsa, sour cream, and jalapenos together in a small bowl; set aside. Brush 1 tablespoon melted butter evenly on bottom and sides of casserole dish. Arrange 5 tortillas, overlapping each other and lightly draping over the sides, to fully cover the bottom and sides of the dish. Spread cooked sausage over the tortillas. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Whisk eggs, water, salt and pepper together in a large bowl until well blended. Add eggs to skillet and cook, stirring constantly, until loosely set and soft-scrambled, about 3 minutes. Spread eggs evenly over sausage. Drizzle half of sour cream mixture over eggs and sprinkle on 3/4 cup cheese. Top with hash browns and remaining cheese. Place remaining tortilla in the center of the dish and fold the overlapping tortillas over the center tortilla; press slightly to seal. Brush with remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter, pressing down to help tortilla edges stick together. Bake in the oven at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) until toasted golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Carefully place a large platter or board over casserole dish; invert casserole onto the board. Cut casserole into squares and serve with remaining sour cream sauce and more salsa as desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chef John’s Tortilla de Patatas
Ingredients: 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes or russet potatoes, peeled, 1 yellow onion, peeled and halved, 5 large eggs, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 1/2 cup olive oil, divided
Instructions: Slice potatoes and onions with a very sharp knife or mandoline into 1/8-inch thick slices. Combine eggs, 1/2 teaspoon salt, black pepper, and cayenne in a large bowl and whisk very thoroughly; set aside. Add 1/3 cup olive oil to a large nonstick pan and set heat to medium-high. Add potatoes, onions, and remaining salt. Cook, tossing and stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender, and some onions and potatoes are lightly browned, about 20 minutes. Between stirrings, cover potatoes to reduce cooking time and keep in moisture. For less browning, reduce heat to medium. Stir potato mixture into egg mixture with a spatula. Cover and let stand for 5 to 10 minutes. Add remaining olive oil to an 8- or 9-inch nonstick pan, and set the pan over medium-high heat. Pour in egg and potato mixture, and smooth the top. Cook, covered, for about 4 minutes or until the bottom is browned and the edges of tortilla begin to firm up. Slide tortilla out onto a plate, cover with another plate, and flip the plates over to invert. Slide tortilla back into the pan, and place back over medium-high heat. Cook, uncovered, until the tortilla is fully set, about 2 minutes more. Tortilla will spring back lightly when pressed in the middle with a finger if eggs are fully cooked. If it feels soft or mushy when pressed, cook for a few minutes more, unless you prefer the tortilla less than fully set. Slip tortilla onto a serving plate, and serve hot, warm, or room temperature. John Mitzewich

Title: Deluxe Corned Beef Hash
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 5 large Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch cubes, 1 large carrot, coarsely shredded, 2 pounds cooked corned beef, cubed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste, ¼ teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 1 pinch salt to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter with olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion until lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in potatoes and carrot; cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in corned beef, parsley, pepper, thyme, and salt. Cook, stirring often, until hash is crisp and browned, 10 to 15 more minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Quick and Easy Home Fries
Ingredients: 3 medium russet potatoes, cubed, 3 tablespoons butter or margarine, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Rinse potato cubes with cold water and drain well. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Place potatoes in the skillet and season with salt and pepper; mix well. Cover and cook for 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove the lid and cook, turning frequently, until brown and crisp on all sides, about 10 more minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Breakfast Strata
Ingredients: 1 pound sausage, casings removed, 2 cups sliced fresh mushrooms, 8  eggs, beaten, 10 cups cubed, day-old bread, 3 cups whole milk, 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 ½ cups cubed Black Forest ham, 1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons mustard powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons butter, melted, 2 teaspoons dried basil
Instructions: Generously grease a 9x13-inch casserole dish. Heat a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir sausage until crumbly and completely browned, about 10 minutes. Transfer cooked sausage to the prepared casserole dish. Cook and stir mushrooms in the same skillet over medium heat until liquid has been released and mushrooms are lightly browned, 5 to 10 minutes; drain. Mix mushrooms, eggs, bread, milk, Cheddar cheese, ham, spinach, flour, mustard powder, salt, butter, and basil together in a large bowl; pour over sausage. Cover casserole dish and refrigerate, 2 hours to overnight. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted into the center of the strata comes out clean, 60 to 70 minutes.

Title: Fluffy Egg Strata
Ingredients: 12 thick slices white bread, cut into 1 inch cubes, 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 ½ cups chopped fresh mushrooms (Optional), ¼ cup crumbled cooked bacon, 12  eggs, 2 ½ cups half-and-half, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
Instructions: Gather all ingredients ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Toss cubed bread, cheese, mushrooms, and bacon together in a large bowl; pour into a 9x13-inch baking dish. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Whisk eggs, half-and-half, and mustard together until smooth; pour evenly over bread mixture. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA You can bake the strata straightaway but for better results, cover the dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. When ready to bake, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Remove plastic wrap from the baking dish; bake strata in the preheated oven until eggs are set and top is golden brown, about 1 hour. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA

Title: Bacon, Cheddar and Spinach Strata
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon bacon grease, 1 (1 pound) loaf day-old bread, cubed, 12 large eggs, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, ½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 2 ½ cups heavy cream, 1 pound sliced bacon, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch strips, 1 pound fresh spinach, wilted, squeezed dry, 12 ounces shredded extra-sharp Cheddar cheese, divided
Instructions: Oil bottom and sides of a 9x13-inch baking dish with about a tablespoon of bacon fat. Place bread cubes in a large mixing bowl. Crack eggs into a separate mixing bowl. Season with salt, pepper, cayenne, and nutmeg. Add cream and whisk mixture thoroughly. Pour egg/cream mixture over the bread cubes and mix to distribute ingredients evenly. Allow bread mixture to sit about 15 minutes to absorb the liquid. Transfer half of the bread mixture to the baking pan; spread evenly over the bottom and press mixture down a bit. Top with half of the grated Cheddar cheese. Add cooked bacon pieces in an even layer over the cheese. Place the cooked spinach over the bacon; top with half of the remaining cheese. Finish with the rest of the soaked bread cubes, spread evenly and pressed down slightly. Sprinkle with the rest of the grated cheese. Cover and let strata sit at room temperature for 1 hour before baking. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake strata in preheated oven until set, about 45 minutes. Optionally, you can broil the strata for a minute or two to brown the top. Chef John Cook's Notes: If you want something a little eggier, a little more quiche-like, just simply increase the amount of egg custard used. As long as your pan is deep enough, you could as much as double the eggs and cream in this. This is a very rich dish, so you may want to cut the cream with milk. In fact, many people use all milk for this, but I do enjoy the extra butterfat the cream provides. As usual, let your conscience be your guide. You can used thawed, drained frozen spinach instead of fresh. You'll need enough to cover one layer. Instead of waiting for an hour to bake the prepared strata, you can bake it immediately or cover and refrigerate overnight and bake the next day.

Title: Turkey Brine
Ingredients: 1 gallon vegetable broth, 1 cup sea salt, 1 tablespoon crushed dried rosemary, 1 tablespoon dried sage, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried savory, 1 gallon ice water
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine vegetable broth, sea salt, rosemary, sage, thyme, and savory in a large stockpot. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently to be sure salt is dissolved. Remove from heat, and let cool to room temperature. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios When the broth mixture is cool, pour it into a clean 5-gallon bucket. Stir in the ice water. Rinse and dry your turkey. Make sure you have removed the innards. Place the turkey, breast down, into the brine. Make sure that the cavity gets filled. Place the bucket in the refrigerator for 8 hours, or overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove the turkey carefully, draining off the excess brine and pat dry. Discard excess brine. Cook the turkey as desired reserving the drippings for gravy. Keep in mind that brined turkeys cook 20 to 30 minutes faster so watch the temperature gauge. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Editor's Notes: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of brine ingredients. The actual amount of brine consumed will vary.

Title: Simple Chicken Brine
Ingredients: 1 gallon warm water, ¾ cup kosher salt, ¾ cup soy sauce, ⅔ cup sugar, ¼ cup olive oil
Instructions: Pour warm water into a container that is twice the volume of the water. Add salt, soy sauce, sugar, and olive oil; stir until sugar and salt have dissolved. Allow brine to cool to room temperature. Simple Chicken Brine. More About This Recipe: This chicken brine recipe results in perfectly tender and flavorful chicken every time. Plus, it comes together quickly with just five ingredients you probably already have on hand! How to Brine Chicken You'll find a detailed ingredient list and step-by-step instructions in the recipe above, but let's go over the basics: Chicken Brine Ingredients These are the five simple ingredients you’ll need to make this chicken brine recipe: Water : This simple chicken brine starts with a gallon of warm water. Salt : Kosher salt tenderizes the meat, helps it retain moisture, and adds flavor. Soy sauce : Soy sauce lends even more salt and flavor. Sugar : White sugar adds subtle sweetness and helps promote browning. Olive oil : Olive oil helps ensure moist and tender meat. From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of brine ingredients. The actual amount of brine consumed will vary. How to Make Brine for Chicken Here’s a brief overview of what you can expect when you make chicken brine at home: Pour the warm water into a large container, then stir in the remaining ingredients until the salt has dissolved. Cool to room temperature. How Long to Brine Chicken How long to brine your chicken depends on what kind of chicken you’re using. For skinless breasts, brine for two hours. For bone-in pieces, brine for four hours. For whole chickens, brine for at least four hours or up to overnight. How to Use Chicken Brine Always brine foods in a food-grade, nonreactive container such as a stainless steel or enameled stockpot. You can also use a brining bag or a food-grade plastic bucket. Using the brine is simple: Just place the chicken in the brine, cover, and refrigerate for the recommended time depending on the type of chicken you’re using. What to Serve With Chicken Looking for serving inspiration for chicken? We’ve got you covered. Explore these mouthwatering recipe collections for crowd-pleasing ideas: 10 Super Easy Side Dishes for Chicken Dinners 30 Best Side Dishes for Chicken, No Matter How You Cook It 15 Healthy Side Dishes for Chicken Allrecipes Community Tips and Praise “Been using this brine for years,” according to EE L . “I'll add a half teaspoon of garlic powder and onion powder and it is great.” “This is my go-to brine recipe,” says Alain DeWitt . “I've used it with chicken, turkey, and duck. Easy and adaptable by adding your own seasonings.” “Delicious,” raves Emily Coker Wedgewood . “The only changes I made were to substitute coconut aminos for the soy sauce. I added a little bit more salt because the coconut aminos don’t have quite as much sodium as the soy sauce.” Editorial contributions by Corey Williams

Title: Ultimate Turkey Brine
Ingredients: 1 gallon water, 2 cups kosher salt, 1 ½ cups dark brown sugar, 3 large bay leaves, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 2 ½ teaspoons dried rosemary, 2 ½ teaspoons dried thyme, 12  whole cloves
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Bring water to a boil in a large stockpot. Stir in salt and brown sugar until dissolved; return to a boil. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Add bay leaves, peppercorns, rosemary, thyme, and cloves. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Remove from the heat and let cool completely before using. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Place thawed turkey into a large non-reactive container. Pour in cooled brine. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Pour in enough cool water to cover turkey with liquid. Refrigerate 8 to 12 hours. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Remove turkey from brine and let sit on counter for about 2 hours. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Follow desired method of cooking your turkey. Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the brine ingredients. The actual amount of the brine consumed will vary.

Title: Broccoli Salad
Ingredients: ½ pound bacon, 2 heads fresh broccoli, cut into bite-sized pieces, 1 small red onion, sliced into bite-sized pieces, ¾ cup raisins, ¾ cup sliced almonds, 1 cup mayonnaise, ½ cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place bacon in a deep skillet and cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown, 7 to 10 minutes; drain, cool, and crumble. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine bacon, broccoli, onion, raisins, and almonds together in a bowl; mix well. To prepare the dressing: Mix mayonnaise, sugar, and vinegar together until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir into the salad. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Let chill before serving, if desired. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Bodacious Broccoli Salad
Ingredients: 8 slices bacon, 2 heads fresh broccoli, chopped, 1 ½ cups sharp Cheddar cheese, shredded, ½ large red onion, chopped, ⅔ cup mayonnaise, ¼ cup red wine vinegar, ⅛ cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until crisp and evenly browned, 8-10 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate and crumble when cool enough to handle. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine bacon, broccoli, cheese, and onion in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk mayonnaise, red wine vinegar, sugar, pepper, salt, and lemon juice together in a small bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour over salad and toss to combine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Easy Broccoli Bacon Salad
Ingredients: 12 slices cooked bacon, crumbled, 1 large head broccoli, cut into florets, 1 cup raisins, 1 small red onion, chopped, ¼ cup sunflower seeds, ½ cup mayonnaise, ⅓ cup white sugar, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine bacon, broccoli, raisins, onion, and sunflower seeds in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk mayonnaise, sugar, and red wine vinegar together in a small bowl until dressing is smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour over broccoli mixture and stir to coat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Espresso Brownies
Ingredients: 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons espresso powder, 1/8 teaspoon baking powder, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1 cup white sugar, 1/2 cup butter, softened, 2 large eggs, 2 ounces unsweetened baking chocolate, melted, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup chopped walnuts (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease an 11x7-inch baking pan. Sift flour, espresso powder, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl. Beat sugar and butter together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs until smooth batter forms; beat in chocolate and vanilla extract. Stir flour mixture in just until incorporated; fold in walnuts. Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until top is dry and edges have started to pull away from the sides of the pan, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool completely before cutting.

Title: Chef John’s Pecan Pie Brownies
Ingredients: 1 cup white sugar, 7/8 cup cocoa powder (3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons), 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 10 tablespoons hot melted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, 1 cup brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 cup light corn syrup, 2 large eggs, 1/2 cup salted butter, melted, 2 1/2 cups chopped pecans
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line an 8x8-inch baking pan with enough parchment to overhang on all sides, and oil the parchment. Chef's Note: A 9x9-inch pan can be used, but that may reduce baking time, so check for doneness sooner than times given. To make brownie batter, combine white sugar, cocoa powder, kosher salt, and 10 tablespoons melted butter in a mixing bowl. Mix with an electric hand mixer or whisk until combined. The mixture will look grainy, but that’s okay. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla and 1 egg, and mix with a whisk or electric hand mixer until combined. Again, the mixture will look grainy. Add the second egg, and continue mixing on high speed until a smooth, thick, glossy batter is formed. Add flour and mix on low speed until flour just disappears. Use a spatula to mix in any flour from the side of the bowl; spread batter evenly into the prepared pan. Tap pan gently on the counter to level the brownie base. Bake brownie base for 20 minutes. Remove to cool on a wire rack while making pecan pie filling. Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). For pecan pie filling, combine brown sugar, salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, corn syrup, 2 eggs, and melted salted butter in a bowl; whisk until smooth. Stir in pecans; pour filling over brownie base and spread evenly; tap pan gently on counter to level the filling. Bake in the preheated oven until pecan pie filling is almost fully set, about 1 hour. If dish is shaken gently from side to side, there will be a very slight jiggle in the center. Let cool completely, about 30 minutes. For best results, cover and chill before cutting. Lift brownies from the dish using parchment overhang. Cut into 16 2x2-inch squares. Chef John

Title: Maple Pecan Blondies
Ingredients: 2 cups all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon baking soda, 2/3 cup unsalted butter, 1 1/4 cups packed brown sugar, 1/2 cup pure maple syrup, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 1/2 cups pecans, toasted and chopped, divided
Instructions: Gather ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Line an 8x8-inch baking pan with parchment paper, extending the paper over the sides. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios In a large bowl whisk together flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios In a medium saucepan combine butter, brown sugar, and maple syrup. Cook and stir over medium heat until melted and smooth, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat; let cool for 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir eggs and vanilla into the butter mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir butter mixture into flour mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold in 1 1/4 cups of the pecans. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread batter in prepared pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup pecans over the top. Bake until set, 35 to 40 minutes. The internal temperature should read 200 degrees F ( (93 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cool for 10 minutes on a wire rack before lifting from pan with the parchment paper. Cool completely on a wire rack. Cut into bars for serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Bruschetta with Shallots
Ingredients: 12  roma (plum) tomatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, salt to taste, freshly ground black pepper to taste, ⅓ cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, cut into slivers, ¼ cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 (1 pound) loaf Italian bread, cut into 1/2 inch slices
Instructions: In a large bowl, toss together the roma tomatoes, minced garlic, shallots, basil, lemon juice, salt, pepper and 1/3 cup olive oil. Place the slivered garlic and 1/4 cup olive oil in small saucepan over medium heat. Slowly cook and stir 2 to 3 minutes. Discard garlic. Toast the bread slices, and brush with the olive oil heated with garlic. Top slices with the roma tomato mixture.

Title: Tomato and Ricotta Salata Bruschetta
Ingredients: 1 loaf Italian bread, cut into 1/2-inch diagonal slices, 6 cloves garlic, halved, 6 medium tomatoes, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 1 (4 ounce) package ricotta salata, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped red onion, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, ¼ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place bread slices on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until toasted, about 5 minutes. Rub 1 side of the bread with the cut garlic. Toss tomatoes, ricotta salata, olive oil, vinegar, onion, basil, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Divide evenly over bread.

Title: Bruschette al Lardo di Colonnata
Ingredients: 1 clove garlic, halved, divided, 1 pound cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 bunch fresh rosemary, minced, 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 pinch salt, 1 loaf crusty Italian bread, sliced and toasted, 7 ounces lardo (such as Lardo di Colonnata), freshly ground pink peppercorns to taste
Instructions: Mince 1 of the garlic halves and transfer to a bowl. Add tomatoes, rosemary, olive oil, red pepper flakes, and salt; mix well. Refrigerate tomato mixture for 1 hour. Rub the remaining garlic half over each slice of bread. Spread lardo onto each slice and top with tomato mixture. Sprinkle ground pink peppercorns over tomato mixture. Cook's Notes: Lardo di Colonnata is a type of Italian charcuterie that is, simply, lard. But don't be tempted to use refrigerated lard from the supermarket - Italian lardo is a true delicacy and can be found at specialty shops.

Title: Buffalo Chicken Dip
Ingredients: 2 (10 ounce) cans chunk chicken, drained, ¾ cup hot pepper sauce (such as Frank's RedHot), 2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened, 1 cup ranch dressing, 1 ½ cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 bunch celery, cut into 4-inch pieces, 1 (8 ounce) box chicken-flavored crackers
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat chicken and hot pepper sauce in a skillet over medium heat until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in cream cheese and ranch dressing. Cook and stir until well blended and warm, 3 to 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix in 1/2 of the Cheddar cheese, and transfer the mixture to a slow cooker. Sprinkle the remaining cheese over top. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover and cook on Low until dip is hot and bubbly, about 35 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve with celery sticks and crackers. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chicken Wing Dip
Ingredients: 2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened, ¾ cup hot pepper sauce, 2 cups diced cooked chicken, 1 cup ranch-style salad dressing, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix cream cheese and hot pepper sauce together in a medium bowl until well blended; stir in chicken, dressing, and Cheddar cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread into a 9x13-inch baking dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly, about 30 minutes. If oil collects on the top, dab it off using a paper towel. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Cheesy Buffalo Chicken Dip
Ingredients: 2  bone-in chicken breast halves, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 1 (8 ounce) package reduced-fat cream cheese, ¾ cup blue cheese dressing, ¾ cup ranch dressing, ⅓ cup hot pepper sauce (such as Frank's RedHot), 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Place chicken breasts in a large saucepan; cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a breast should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Drain and allow chicken to cool enough to handle. Pull meat from bones and skin. Shred meat and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir celery in hot oil until soft. Mix in cream cheese, blue cheese dressing, and ranch dressing. Cook and stir until smooth and creamy. Stir in shredded chicken and hot sauce. Transfer to an 8x8-inch baking dish and sprinkle with shredded cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until golden and bubbly, about 30 minutes. AllrecipesPhoto Recipe Tips You can substitute Monterey Jack or pepper-Jack cheese for the Cheddar. If you're making this for a large crowd, double the recipe and use a 9x13-inch baking dish.

Title: Air Fryer Buffalo Wings
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, ½ teaspoon cayenne pepper, ¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound chicken wings
Instructions: Preheat an air fryer to 380 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine sea salt, garlic powder, mustard powder, coriander, smoked paprika, cayenne pepper, and black pepper in a shallow bowl. Dredge each chicken wing in the spice mixture and set into the air fryer basket in one layer. Cook in the air fryer until chicken wings are no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). If wings are smaller, reduce cooking time.

Title: Grilled Buffalo Wings
Ingredients: 3 pounds chicken wings, separated at joints, tips discarded, 1 cup Louisiana-style hot sauce, 1 (12 fluid ounce) can or bottle cola-flavored carbonated beverage, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste, 1 tablespoon soy sauce
Instructions: Preheat a grill to medium heat. Mix hot sauce, cola, cayenne pepper, black pepper and soy sauce together in a large pot; add wings to the sauce. Place the pot on one side of the preheated grill; bring to a simmer. Use tongs to transfer wings out of sauce and place on the preheated grill; cook until lightly charred on both sides, about 8 to 10 minutes, then return wings to the sauce to continue cooking. Repeat this process until chicken is cooked and pulls easily off of the bone, and the sauce is hot and thickened, about 50 minutes. You can serve them as sloppy-style wings, or serve right off the grill for dryer wings. Editor's Note: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of sauce. The actual amount of sauce consumed will vary.

Title: Fried Chicken Wings
Ingredients: 12  small chicken wings, ¼ teaspoon seasoned salt, or to taste, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, ¼ teaspoon ground paprika, 2 quarts vegetable oil for frying, 1 (12 fluid ounce) bottle Buffalo wing sauce (such as Frank's), or to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Season chicken wings lightly with seasoned salt. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix flour, salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and paprika together in a wide, shallow bowl. Press wings into flour mixture to coat and arrange in a single layer on a large plate. Refrigerate coated wings for 15 to 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dredge wings again in flour mixture and return to the plate. Refrigerate wings once more for 15 to 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Fry chicken wings in hot oil until crisp and juices run clear, 10 to 12 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer fried wings to a large bowl. Drizzle sauce over wings and toss to coat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of breading and sauce. The actual amount of the breading and sauce consumed will vary.

Title: Beef Bulgogi
Ingredients: 5 tablespoons soy sauce, ¼ cup chopped green onion, 2 ½ tablespoons white sugar, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pound flank steak, thinly sliced
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk soy sauce, green onion, sugar, garlic, sesame seeds, sesame oil, and pepper together in a bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place flank steak slices in a shallow dish. Pour marinade over top. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Quickly grill flank steak slices on the preheated grill until slightly charred and cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Easy Bulgogi (Korean BBQ Beef)
Ingredients: ⅓ cup soy sauce, 2  green onions, chopped, dark green parts separated from white and light green parts, ¼  yellow onion, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, ¼ teaspoon Korean red pepper flakes, ¼ teaspoon minced fresh ginger, ⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 ½ pounds beef sirloin steak, cut very thin using kitchen shears, 1 teaspoon honey, or to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk soy sauce, white and light green parts of green onions, yellow onion, sugar, garlic, sesame seeds, sesame oil, red pepper flakes, ginger, and black pepper together in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add steak slices and toss to evenly coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour, or up to 1 day. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat a wok or large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, cook and stir steak and marinade together in the hot skillet, adding honey to caramelize the steak, until steak is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Garnish bulgogi with dark green parts of green onions. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Skillet Chicken Bulgogi
Ingredients: ¼ cup chopped onion, 5 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 ½ tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, ½ teaspoon cayenne, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into thin strips
Instructions: Whisk onion, soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic, sesame oil, sesame seeds, cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl until marinade is smooth. Cook and stir chicken and marinade together in a large skillet over medium-high heat until chicken is cooked through, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note You can substitute peanut oil for the sesame oil if desired. Add vegetables if you wish; I normally use carrot straws and sliced mushrooms. For a little more bite, I use a peppercorn medley grinder instead of black pepper.

Title: Hamburgers with Grilled Apple and Chili Crisp
Ingredients: 2 red apples, cored (such as Fuji, Gala, or Pink Lady), 1 pound ground beef, 1/4 cup fine dry breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons chili crisp, divided, plus more for serving, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2 (1/3-inch) slices red onion, 4 hamburger buns, 1/4 cup mayonnaise
Instructions: Slice 1 apple using a mandoline slicer to create 8 (1/4-inch-thick) slices. Shred any remaining scraps plus all or part of the second apple to get 1/2 cup shredded apple. Squeeze shredded apple to extract some of the moisture. Reserve any remaining apple for another use. Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat (350 to 375 degrees F (175 to 190 degrees C)). Combine ground beef, breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon chili crisp, salt, and the 1/2 cup shredded apple in a bowl. Shape into 4 (1/2-inch-thick) patties, 4 inches in diameter. Mixture may be wet so be sure to tightly pack patties. Oil the grill grate. Grill patties, covered, carefully turning halfway through, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into centers of patties reads 160 degrees F (71 degrees C), 10 to 13 minutes. Grill onion slices, turning halfway through, 8 to 10 minutes. Grill apple slices, turning halfway through, 4 to 5 minutes. If you like, grill buns, cut sides down, until toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. When onions are cool enough to handle, separate rings. Stir mayonnaise and remaining 2 teaspoons chili crisp together in a small bowl. Spread buns with mayonnaise mixture and fill with patties, onion, and apple slices. Serve with additional chili crisp From the Editor: For juicy burgers use 80 percent lean/20 percent fat ground beef.

Title: Copycat McDonald's Filet-o-Fish Sandwich
Ingredients: canola oil, for frying, 4 (4-ounce) skinless cod fillets (about 4- x 4-inch large and 1-inch thick), 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon corn starch, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 1/4 teaspoon paprika, 2 cups panko (Japanese-style breadcrumbs), 4 brioche hamburger buns, split, 4 (1/2-ounce each) processed American cheese slices, 2 teaspoons tap water, McDonald's Tartar Sauce, cooked shoestring fries, for serving
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Pour oil to a depth of 2 inches in a large Dutch oven; heat oil over medium-high to 360 degrees F (182 degrees C). Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (93 degrees C). Set a wire rack inside a large rimmed baking sheet; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While oil heats, pat fillets dry with paper towels, and sprinkle evenly with 1/2 teaspoon of the salt. Whisk together egg, mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, corn starch, flour, paprika, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt in a medium shallow bowl until combined. Place panko in another shallow bowl. Working with one fillet at a time, dip into egg mixture, flipping to coat all sides and letting excess drip off. Place in bowl with panko, and coat all sides. Place on a large plate; repeat with remaining fillets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently add 2 fillets to hot oil; fry, gently stirring and flipping fillets in oil occasionally, until golden brown and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove fillets from oil using a slotted spoon, and place on prepared wire rack. Place in preheated oven to keep warm while repeating frying process with remaining 2 fillets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Working with 2 buns at a time, place bottom buns on a large microwavable plate; top each bun with 1 cheese slice. Lightly sprinkle a small paper towel with water, and place in small microwavable bowl with bottom buns. Cover plate with an inverted microwavable glass bowl. Microwave on HIGH until buns are steamy and cheese is melted, 15 to 20 seconds. Carefully remove buns from plate; place top buns on the same plate and microwave on HIGH for 10 to 15 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Immediately top bottom buns with a fish fillet and drizzle 2 tablespoons McDonald’s Tartar Sauce on top. Cover with top buns and serve immediately with shoestring fries. Repeat with remaining buns and fish fillets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Southwestern Breakfast Burrito
Ingredients: 2  low carb whole wheat tortillas, 4  eggs, 2 tablespoons cream, 1 pinch salt and white pepper, ¼ teaspoon cumin powder, ½ tablespoon butter, 1 ½ tablespoons salsa, chunky style, 2 ounces Cheddar cheese, shredded
Instructions: In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs with the cream, salsa, cumin and a pinch of salt and pepper. In a non stick skillet over medium-high heat, melt the butter and then scramble the eggs. Just before they are set, add the cheese and fold-in until it begins to melt. Lay the tortillas on a flat surface. Divide the eggs equally between the two and place on the bottom third of each tortilla. Fold the bottom third over tucking in. Fold in the two sides and then roll up. Serve. Green Chile Variation If you are not on the run and can afford a few extra carbs, then try placing these burritos into a casserole dish, spoon 2 tablespoon of 505 Green Chile Sauce over each and heat in a 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for about ten minutes. Add a dollop of sour cream and serve.

Title: Minute Breakfast Burrito
Ingredients: 2  eggs, 2 tablespoons salsa, 1 slice reduced-fat American cheese, 1  tortilla
Instructions: Spray a cereal bowl with nonstick cooking spray. Crack the eggs into the bowl, add the salsa, and stir. Microwave on high for 1 minute, stir, and cook for another minute or until the mixture firms up. Place the cheese in the center of the tortilla and top it with the egg mixture. Wrap it all up like a burrito and head for the car.

Title: Fabulous Wet Burritos
Ingredients: 1 pound ground beef, ½ cup chopped onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, ½ teaspoon cumin, ¼ teaspoon salt, ⅛ teaspoon pepper, 1 (16 ounce) can refried beans, 1 (4.5 ounce) can diced green chile peppers, 1 (15 ounce) can chili without beans, 1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed tomato soup, 1 (10 ounce) can enchilada sauce, 6 (12 inch) flour tortillas, warmed, 2 cups shredded lettuce, divided, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, divided, 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend, divided, ½ cup chopped green onions, divided
Instructions: Crumble ground beef into a skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir until evenly browned. Add onion and cook until translucent. Drain grease, and season with garlic, cumin, salt, and pepper. Stir in refried beans and green chilies until well blended. Turn off heat but keep warm. Combine canned chili, condensed soup, and enchilada sauce in a saucepan. Mix well and cook over medium heat until heated through. Turn off the heat and keep warm. Place warmed tortilla on a plate and spoon a generous 1/2 cup of the ground beef mixture onto the center. Top with a portion of lettuce and tomato to your liking. Roll up tortilla around the filling, while tucking in the sides. Spoon a generous amount of the sauce over the top and sprinkle with a portion of cheese and green onions. Heat in the microwave until cheese is melted, about 30 seconds. Repeat with remaining tortillas and fillings. dixiebrock47

Title: Roasted Butternut Squash Soup with Coconut Milk
Ingredients: 1 medium head garlic, halved crosswise, 1 (3 1/2) pound butternut squash, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 medium onion, quartered, 1 medium leek, white portion only, chopped, 1 (1 1/2 inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled, 4 cups chicken broth, divided, 1 cup coconut milk, 1 teaspoon curry powder, or more to taste, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Wrap each garlic half in foil and place on the prepared baking sheet. Add squash, cut-side down. Add onion, leek, and ginger. Roast in the preheated oven until vegetables are golden and squash skin is easily pierced with a fork, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Squeeze out roasted garlic cloves and scoop out squash flesh into a food processor or blender with onion, leek, and ginger. Add 2 cups broth and purée (in batches if necessary) until smooth. Transfer to a soup pot. Place the pot over medium heat and add remaining broth. Whisk in coconut milk, curry powder, and cayenne pepper. Season with salt and black pepper, and cook until heated through, about 15 minutes. Tips Use a good quality chicken broth or stock, preferably homemade.

Title: Butternut Squash Soup
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 medium carrot, chopped, 2 medium potatoes, cubed, 1 medium butternut squash - peeled, seeded, and cubed, 1 (32 fluid ounce) container chicken stock, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat, and cook onion, celery, carrot, potatoes, and squash until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Pour in enough chicken stock to cover vegetables. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low, cover pot, and simmer until all vegetables are tender, about 40 minutes. Transfer soup to a blender and process until smooth. Return to the pot and mix in any remaining stock to reach desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Butternut Squash Soup with Cream Cheese
Ingredients: 4 tablespoons margarine, 6 cups peeled and cubed butternut squash, 6 tablespoons chopped onion, 3 cups water, 4 cubes  chicken bouillon, ½ teaspoon dried marjoram, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ⅛ teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese
Instructions: Melt margarine in a large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add onion and sauté until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add butternut squash, water, bouillon, marjoram, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat; reduce heat and simmer until squash is tender, about 20 minutes. Purée squash mixture and cream cheese in a blender or food processor in batches until smooth. Return to saucepan and cook until just heated through. Recipe Tips You can use 3 to 4 cups of chicken broth instead of water and bouillon cubes. This recipe also works well with half as much cream cheese if you don't want it too rich.

Title: Stuffed Cabbage Rolls
Ingredients: ⅔ cup water, ⅓ cup uncooked white rice, 8  cabbage leaves, 1 pound lean ground beef, ¼ cup chopped onion, 1  egg, slightly beaten, 1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed tomato soup, divided, 1 teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a large, wide saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil. Add cabbage leaves and cook for 2 to 4 minutes or until softened; drain. Combine ground beef, 1 cup of cooked rice, onion, egg, 2 tablespoons of tomato soup, salt, and pepper in a large bowl; mix thoroughly. Spoon about 2 tablespoons of beef mixture onto each cabbage leaf; bring one end of the cabbage leaf over the mixture, rolling and tucking in the ends to prevent the filling from falling out. Place cabbage rolls in a large skillet over medium heat; pour remaining tomato soup on top. Cover and bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer for about 40 minutes, stirring and basting with the liquid often.

Title: Unstuffed Cabbage Roll
Ingredients: 2 pounds ground beef, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 small head cabbage, chopped, 2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes, 1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce, ½ cup water, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat a Dutch oven or large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir beef and onion in the hot Dutch oven until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add cabbage, tomatoes, tomato sauce, water, garlic, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Cover Dutch oven, reduce heat, and simmer until cabbage is tender, about 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Cabbage Rolls
Ingredients: 2 cups uncooked long-grain rice, 4 cups water, 2 large heads savoy cabbage, 1 cup water, 2  onions, chopped, 3 tablespoons butter, ¾ cup uncooked long-grain rice, 1 pound extra-lean ground beef, ½ pound pork sausage, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons dried dill weed, ¾ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, ½ teaspoon white sugar, 1 (28 ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, with liquid, 1 (26 ounce) can condensed tomato soup, 8  bay leaves
Instructions: Wash rice thoroughly. Combine rice with 4 cups water in a medium saucepan; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until all of the water is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, remove cabbage cores using a thin, long knife. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place one cabbage in a microwave-proof container with the cored part facing down. Pour 1/2 cup water into the container, cover, and microwave on high for 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Carefully turn cabbage over, and cook, covered, for an additional 10 minutes. Let cabbage sit until it is cool enough to handle, then separate leaves carefully and remove any tough ribs. Cook the second cabbage in the same manner. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sauté 1/2 of the onions in 3 tablespoons butter; cook just until translucent (do not brown). Combine the cooked and uncooked rice, cooked and uncooked onions, ground beef, pork sausage, garlic, dill weed, salt, black pepper, and sugar in a large mixing bowl. Mix until incorporated. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon about 2 tablespoons of mixture onto each cabbage leaf. Bring one end of the cabbage leaf over the mixture, rolling and tucking in the ends to prevent the filling from falling out. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place leftover cabbage leaves on the bottoms of two 9x13-inch casserole dishes. Arrange cabbage rolls in a single layer so they are tight against each other. Purée tomatoes and condensed tomato soup in a food processor or blender. Pour tomato mixture over the cabbage rolls until just covered. Place 4 bay leaves on top of sauce in each dish. Cover each dish tightly with foil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 2 hours. Remove from the oven and let cool for 15 minutes before removing the foil. Serve hot. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note: This recipe appeared in Allrecipes Magazine and was modified to use tomato juice in place of tomato soup. Please note differences in ingredient amounts and cooking time when following the magazine version of this recipe.

Title: Lemon Raspberry Cake
Ingredients: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups white sugar, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1/2 cup oil, 1/2 cup sour cream, 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 1 cup milk, 1 1/2 cups raspberries, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1/2 cup butter, softened, 4 1/2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 1 teaspoon lemon extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray 2 9-inch round cake pans with nonstick cooking spray. Line with parchment paper. Spray parchment paper with nonstick cooking spray. Set aside. For cake, mix flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine sugar, eggs, oil, sour cream, lemon juice, lemon zest and lemon extract. Add to dry ingredients and mix to combine. Mix in milk. Toss raspberries with 2 tablespoon flour and carefully fold into cake batter. Evenly distribute cake batter between the 2 cake pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 25 to 35 minutes. Cool completely. For frosting, beat cream cheese, butter, confectioner’s sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, and lemon extract together until smooth. Top bottom layer with frosting, place 2nd layer on top. Frost top and sides with remaining frosting.

Title: Strawberry Crumb Cake
Ingredients: 3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 ¾ cups white sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ¾ cup unsalted butter, cut into ½-inch cubes, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 cups hulled and halved strawberries
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line a 9-inch square cake pan with enough parchment paper to have overhang on all sides. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg together in a large bowl until combined. Cut in butter until mixture resembles wet sand. Measure out 1 cup of the crumb mixture to use for the topping, and set aside. Add buttermilk, eggs, and vanilla to remaining mixture in the bowl. Mix just until there are no dry clumps of flour remaining. Fold in strawberries. Pour cake batter into the prepared pan and smooth into an even layer. Sprinkle 1 cup reserved crumb mixture evenly over the top. Bake cake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out with a few moist crumbs, 60 to 65 minutes. Allow cake to cool completely in pan before carefully lifting out of the pan using the parchment overhang. Cut and serve. Cook’s Note If your strawberries are on the larger side, quarter them instead of halving before adding to the batter.

Title: Stromboli
Ingredients: 1 (10 ounce) package pizza crust dough, ½ pound lean ground beef, 1 (14 ounce) jar pizza sauce, 1 cup cooked ham, diced, 1 medium green bell pepper, chopped, 1 medium red onion, finely chopped, 1 (4.5 ounce) can mushrooms, drained, 1 (8 ounce) package sliced pepperoni sausage, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, ¼ cup butter, melted
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Cook and stir ground beef in a skillet over medium heat until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Remove from the heat; stir in pizza sauce, ham, bell pepper, onion, and mushrooms until well combined. Roll dough on a lightly floured surface into a large square; transfer to a rimmed baking sheet. Arrange pepperoni over the lower half of the square, then spoon desired amount of sauce over pepperoni. Sprinkle mozzarella over sauce, then fold top half of dough down over fillings; pinch the edges together to seal. Poke holes in the dough and brush with melted butter. If you have remaining sauce, reserve it for another use. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and cut into four pieces. Recipe Tip You can use bread dough instead of pizza dough if desired.

Title: Buffalo Chicken Calzone
Ingredients: 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 2 tablespoons butter, ¼ cup Buffalo wing sauce, 1  refrigerated pizza dough, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 410 degrees F (210 degrees C). Grease a 12-inch pizza pan. Place chicken into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Cook chicken in boiling water until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Transfer chicken to a bowl and shred with two forks. Melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir shredded chicken and Buffalo wing sauce in hot butter until chicken is coated and heated through, 2 to 4 minutes. Turn pizza dough out onto a generously floured surface. Roll dough into a 12-inch round. Brush dough with 1 tablespoon oil and sprinkle with 1 cup mozzarella cheese, leaving a 1-inch border. Spread chicken mixture over cheese; top with remaining 1 cup cheese. Fold pizza dough in half and pinch edges together to seal. Transfer calzone to the prepared pan and brush the top with remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is golden brown, 17 to 20 minutes.

Title: Ham and Cheese Stromboli
Ingredients: 2 (16 ounce) packages refrigerated pizza crust dough, 1 (28 ounce) jar spaghetti sauce, ¼ pound cooked ham, sliced, ¼ pound Capacola sausage, sliced, ¼ pound salami, sliced, ¼ pound pepperoni sausage, sliced, garlic powder to taste, ¼ pound mozzarella cheese, shredded, 1  onion, sliced, 6  mushrooms, sliced, 1  green bell pepper, sliced
Instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Let dough rise according to package instructions, then punch down, and divide into 4 pieces. On a floured surface, roll each piece of dough into a long oval shape. Spread each with sauce, then layer with ham, capacola, salami, and pepperoni. Sprinkle with garlic powder, then top with mozzarella, onion, mushrooms and bell pepper. Bring the long sides together over the center, and pinch together to seal. Turn over, so that the seam is on the bottom, and place on an ungreased baking sheet. With a sharp knife, cut 3 diagonal slices to allow the steam to escape. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes, or until golden brown.

Title: Brown Bears
Ingredients: ¼ cup ground cinnamon, 1 cup white sugar, ½ cup butter, melted, 1 (10 ounce) can refrigerated biscuit dough
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. AllRecipes / Abbey Littlejohn Mix cinnamon and sugar together in a bowl. Pour melted butter into another bowl. AllRecipes / Abbey Littlejohn Separate biscuits and form each piece of dough into a rope 4 to 5 inches long. Wrap the dough pieces around sticks. AllRecipes / Abbey Littlejohn Hold sticks over campfire and slowly turn until the biscuit dough is browned and set, 8 to 10 minutes. AllRecipes / Abbey Littlejohn Dip biscuits into melted butter and then into cinnamon sugar. Eat biscuits from sticks. AllRecipes / Abbey Littlejohn Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the cinnamon sugar and butter. The actual amount of the ingredients consumed will vary.

Title: Mediterranean Salmon Foil Packets
Ingredients: 10 ounces cherry tomatoes, quartered, 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons black olive tapenade or chopped pitted black olives, ½ teaspoon salt, 8  fresh basil leaves, 4 small fresh thyme sprigs, freshly ground black pepper to taste, 4  (12x18-inch) pieces aluminum foil, 4 (7-ounce) salmon filets, with skin
Instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Close cover. Combine cherry tomatoes, olive oil, shallot, tapenade, salt, basil, thyme, and pepper in a bowl; mix well. Lay out foil on a work surface, shiny side-up. Place each salmon fillet skin side-down in the center of a piece of foil. Cover each piece of salmon with 1/4 of the tomato mixture. Fold up the edges of the foil over the salmon to create a packet, making sure to seal the edges well. Turn down the heat of the grill and carefully place the foil packets on the grate. Close the cover and cook until salmon is pale pink in the center and flakes easily with a fork, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove parcels and let them sit for a few minutes before opening. Cook’s Note You can prepare the salmon foil packets a few hours before cooking them; just keep them in the fridge until you are ready to cook them on the grill. You can also bake the parcels in the oven if the weather isn't cooperating. Bake them at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) until salmon flakes easily with a fork.

Title: Fireside Coffee
Ingredients: 2 cups powdered non-dairy creamer, 1 ½ cups instant coffee granules, 1 ½ cups white sugar, 1 ½ cups instant hot chocolate mix, 1 ½ teaspoons ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg
Instructions: Mix non-dairy creamer, instant coffee, sugar, hot chocolate mix, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a bowl. Store in an airtight container.

Title: Crunchy Quick Refrigerator Dill Pickles
Ingredients: 8 salad or pickling cucumbers, sliced into 3/4-inch pieces, 2 garlic cloves, 5 sprigs fresh dill, 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns, 4 cups water, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 3/4 cup white vinegar
Instructions: Place half of cucumber slices in a large jar. Add garlic, dill, and peppercorns. Top with remaining cucumbers until the jar is filled tightly. Bring water, salt, and vinegar to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring occasionally, until salt is dissolved. Remove from heat and let cool 10 minutes. Pour warm mixture over cucumbers and seal jar. Refrigerate at least one day and up to 4 weeks. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Pickled Banana Peppers
Ingredients: 10 to 12 fresh banana peppers, cut into 3/4-inch slices, 1 to 2 garlic cloves, 1 to 2 slices fresh jalapenos (optional), 1 1/2 cups vinegar, 1 cup water, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
Instructions: Pack peppers, garlic, and jalapenos tightly in a glass jar. Bring vinegar, water, and salt to a boil, stirring occasionally, until salt is dissolved. Remove from heat and let stand 10 minutes. Pour warm mixture over peppers and seal jar. Refrigerate 12 to 24 hours before using and up to 4 weeks.

Title: Easy Fermented Pickled Veggies
Ingredients: 3 cups filtered water, 3 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 pound radishes (or other VEGETABLES), trimmed, sliced or quartered if large, 1 bunch fresh mint (or other HERBS), stemmed, 2 teaspoons Szechuan peppercorns (or other KICK (such as peppercorns and/or chiles)), 3 cloves garlic, sliced
Instructions: To sanitize jar, put a 1-quart wide-mouthed canning jar in a 6- to 8-quart pot; cover with tap water. (You could also use multiple smaller wide-mouthed canning jars.) Bring to a boil; boil 10 minutes. Using tongs, carefully remove jar from pot, draining excess water; let jar cool slightly. Meanwhile, for brine, stir together filtered water and salt in a 1-quart measuring cup until salt is dissolved. Add radishes (or other VEGETABLES), mint (or other HERBS), peppercorns (or other KICK), and garlic to jar. Veggies can be packed tightly; they will shrink and soften as they pickle. Fill jar with brine; you may have brine left over. Add a fermenting weight or an inverted, sanitized plastic lid to keep vegetables submerged. Cover jar with a kitchen towel, securing with a rubber band. Let stand at room temperature for at least 24 hours or up to 3 days. You’ll start to see bubbles forming. The vegetables will become more tart and the brine will become cloudier the longer the pickles stand. Remove fermenting weight and screw on metal lid. Chill up to 3 weeks. Variations: Pickled Cucumbers: cucumbers + dill + 2 dried chiles de arbol Pickled Carrots: carrots + cilantro + 2 tablespoons fresh jalapeño slices What the Dietitian Says: Probiotics—foods or supplements that support a healthy microbiome by boosting beneficial bacteria in the gut—are found in some fermented foods, including these refrigerator pickles. Heat-treated jarred pickles won’t provide the same benefits. The jury is still out on how much and what types of probiotics provide whole-body benefits, but in the meantime these funky veggies add snap and pucker to sandwiches, salads, and snacks. –Kathryn Hendrix, RDN, LD

Title: Carrot Pineapple Cake
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 ¾ cups white sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups shredded carrots, 1 cup flaked coconut, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 1 (8 ounce) can crushed pineapple, drained, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, ¼ cup butter, softened, 2 cups confectioners' sugar
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13-inch pan. To make the cake: Mix together flour, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and add sugar, oil, eggs, and vanilla. Mix with a wooden spoon until smooth. Stir in carrots, coconut, walnuts, and pineapple. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Allow cake to cool completely before frosting. (The center of cake may sink slightly as it cools.) To make the frosting: Beat cream cheese and butter in a mixing bowl until smooth. Add confectioners' sugar; beat until creamy.

Title: Chef John's Carrot Cake
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons baking powder, ½ teaspoon ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 cups white sugar, 4 large eggs, ¼ cup unsalted butter, 1 cup coconut oil, 2 cups finely grated carrots, or more to taste, 1 (8 ounce) can finely crushed pineapple, drained, ½ cup finely chopped pecans (Optional), ½ cup finely chopped walnuts (Optional), 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ¼ cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 ½ teaspoons vanilla extract, or to taste, 3 cups confectioners' sugar, or to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place flour in a bowl. Add salt, baking soda, and baking powder. Sprinkle in ground ginger and cinnamon. Whisk thoroughly until combined. Set aside. Add sugar to a separate bowl. Whisk in eggs until mixture is smooth and pale yellow, 2 to 3 minutes. Heat butter and coconut oil in a saucepan over low heat until just melted but not too hot. Whisk into the bowl with the eggs and sugar until well combined. Add carrots, crushed pineapple, pecans, and walnuts. Stir well. Stir flour mixture into the carrot mixture until no dry spots remain. Pour batter into a greased 9x13-inch baking pan. Tap the pan against your counter to let any big air bubbles rise to the surface. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool completely before frosting, at least 40 minutes. Beat cream cheese, butter, and vanilla extract together using an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Gradually beat in the confectioners' sugar to form a smooth frosting. Spread evenly over the cooled cake. Chill completely before slicing. Chef John Chef's Notes You can substitute vegetable oil for the coconut oil. If you use coconut oil, you can use a 'virgin' coconut oil, which will have a fairly strong coconut aroma and identifiable flavor, or you can go with a more refined coconut oil, which is virtually odorless and flavorless. I used the latter, but the former would be fine if that's what you're into. Divide batter between two 9-inch round pans if you want to make a layer cake.

Title: Carrot Cake Bars
Ingredients: 3/4 cup unsalted butter, 2/3 cup firmly packed brown sugar, divided, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 large egg yolk, at room temperature, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2/3 cup all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 1/2 cups grated carrot, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 pinch salt, 2 cups confectioners' sugar
Instructions: Melt butter in a light-colored saucepan over medium heat. Continue to cook, stirring constantly, until butter begins to brown and smell nutty, about 5 minutes. Carefully measure out 1/4 cup of the browned butter and set aside to use in the frosting. Pour remaining brown butter into a large mixing bowl; allow to cool for 10 to 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line an 8x8-inch square pan with enough parchment paper to have overhang on all sides. To the mixing bowl with brown butter, add brown sugar and whisk until combined. Whisk in egg, egg yolk, and vanilla until completely smooth and combined. Add in flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, salt, nutmeg, and allspice and mix until just combined. Fold in carrots. Pour batter into the prepared pan and spread into an even layer. Bake in the preheated oven until bars spring back when touched lightly in the center, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove bars from oven to cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Lift bars out of the pan using the parchment overhang, and remove to a wire rack to cool completely. Meanwhile, prepare frosting. Beat cream cheese in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Beat in reserved 1/4 cup brown butter on medium-high speed until thoroughly combined. Beat in vanilla, salt, and 1 cup powdered sugar until smooth. Add remaining 1 cup powdered sugar, and beat until thoroughly incorporated. Beat frosting on medium speed until completely smooth, 2 to 3 minutes more. Cover frosting and refrigerate until ready to use. Spread bars with frosting as desired. For best results when slicing, place frosted bars in the fridge for about 1 hour to allow frosting to set up a bit before cutting. Cut into 16 bars. Cook's Note: You can add toasted walnuts or pecans and/or raisins to these bars, if you desire. Fold any additions into batter when you fold in carrots.

Title: Beef Enchilada Bake
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large bell pepper, any color, diced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 (15 ounce) can chili beans, salt and pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 (15 ounce) can red enchilada sauce, divided, 12 corn tortillas, 12 ounces Mexican blend shredded cheese, cilantro, for garnish (optional), sour cream, for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add olive oil, then add onions. Sauté until onions just start to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add bell pepper; sauté 1 to 2 minutes. Add garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add ground beef; cook, breaking up beef with a spatula, until browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Drain any grease. Stir in chili beans. Season with salt, black pepper, and cumin. Stir in 1 cup enchilada sauce, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, spread remaining enchilada sauce evenly in the bottom of a 10x8-inch baking dish. Using a sharp knife, carefully cut a straight edge off one side of the tortillas. Place 4 tortillas with the cut edge facing the sides of the dish. Spread half of the beef mixture over tortillas and top with 3 ounces cheese. Add another layer of tortillas, then beef mixture and 3 ounces cheese to create the second layer. Repeat layers ending with remaining cheese. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove foil; bake until cheese is lightly browned, 5 to 10 minutes more. Remove from the oven; allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with sour cream and chopped cilantro if desired.

Title: Black Bean Casserole
Ingredients: nonstick cooking spray, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup chopped white onion, 1 small red bell pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced, seeded jalapeño, 2 (15 ounce) cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 2/3 cup jarred medium picante sauce or chunky salsa (such as Pace), 1/2 cup water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 (15 ounce) can sweet whole kernel corn, drained and rinsed, 1 cup chopped, seeded tomato, 4 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 2 ounces Cheddar cheese, shredded, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced green onions, lime wedges, cilantro leaves, sour cream, salsa, warm corn or flour tortillas, or tortilla chips, for serving
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Coat an 8x8-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, bell pepper, and jalapeño; cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and slightly browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in beans, picante sauce, water, salt, cumin, cayenne pepper, and smoked paprika. Mash beans using the back of a spoon or a potato masher until mixture is slightly thickened. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Simmer, undisturbed, until sauce thickens and bubbles appear all over the surface, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in corn. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer mixture to the prepared baking dish, and sprinkle with tomato, Monterey Jack cheese and Cheddar cheese. Cover with aluminum foil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until casserole is hot and cheeses are melted, 25 to 30 minutes. Sprinkle with green onions. Let cool slightly before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve with lime wedges, cilantro, sour cream, salsa, warm tortillas, or tortilla chips, if desired. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor The nutritional data for this recipe does not includes the serving suggestions.

Title: Garlic Shrimp Aguachile
Ingredients: 1/2 cup packed cilantro leaves, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 1/2 serrano chile pepper, sliced, or to taste, 1/3 cup fresh lime juice, from 2 to 3 limes, 1/3 cup water, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon white sugar, 1/2 pound raw shrimp - peeled, meticulously deveined, and sliced in half horizontally if large, 1/3 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 cup thinly sliced peeled cucumber, 1 jalapeno, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons cilantro leaves, or as needed, tortilla chips, for serving
Instructions: Combine cilantro, garlic, serrano chile, lime juice, water, salt, pepper, and sugar in a tall cup or the jar of a blender; blend with a stick blender or regular blender until smooth. Refrigerate aguachile while other ingredients are prepared. Add shrimp, cucumber, and red onion to a bowl, and pour in aguachile. Stir well, and press shrimp down into aguachile to cover. Wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour before serving. Cook’s Note The dish can be served immediately, but refrigerating for 30 minutes to 1 hour will achieve a more ceviche-like (“cooked”) texture. The dish can also be tightly covered and refrigerated overnight to serve the next day. Sprinkle aguachile with jalapeno slices and cilantro to garnish, and serve with tortilla chips. Chef John

Title: Mexican Ceviche
Ingredients: 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 5 large lemons, juiced, or as needed, 2  white onions, finely chopped, 1 large tomato, seeded and chopped, 1  cucumber, peeled and finely chopped, 1 bunch radishes, finely diced, 2 cloves fresh garlic, minced, 3 fresh jalapeño peppers, seeded and minced, ¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste, tomato and clam juice cocktail, tortilla chips
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place shrimp in a bowl. You may either coarsely chop the shrimp, or leave them whole, depending on your preference. Add lemon juice, covering shrimp completely. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes, or until opaque and slightly firm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add onions, tomato, cucumber, radishes, and garlic; toss to combine. Gradually add jalapeño and cilantro to desired taste (jalapeño will grow stronger while marinating). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in tomato and clam juice cocktail to desired consistency. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Serve chilled with tortilla chips. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Crab Ceviche
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package imitation crabmeat, flaked, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 large tomatoes, chopped, 3  serrano peppers, finely chopped, 1  red onion, finely chopped, ½ bunch cilantro, chopped, 2  limes, juiced, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Place imitation crab into a large glass or porcelain bowl; stir in olive oil until well coated. Stir in tomatoes, serrano peppers, onion, and cilantro. Squeeze lime juice on top and mix well. Season generously with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for about 1 hour before serving.

Title: Snowman Cheese Ball
Ingredients: 2 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese, softened, 1 (8-ounce) package shredded pepper Jack cheese, 1 tablespoon salt-free Cajun seasoning, such as T-Don’s Cajun Goods No Salt All Purpose Blend, 1 (1-ounce) packet  ranch dressing mix, 10 whole peppercorns, 1 baby carrot, 1 jalapeno pepper with stem, crackers for serving
Instructions: Mix cream cheese, pepper Jack cheese, Cajun seasoning, and ranch dressing mix together in a large bowl; divide mixture to form one small cheese ball for the head and one larger cheese ball for the body. Wrap and chill in the refrigerator for 4 hours or up to overnight before serving. Place larger cheese ball on a serving plate for body. Place smaller cheese ball on top for head. Slice the tip off baby carrot; press into cheese ball for nose. Use whole peppercorns for mouth, eyes, and buttons. Cut the top, with stem, from a jalapeno, and place on top for a hat. Serve with crackers.

Title: Pine Cone Cheese Ball
Ingredients: 2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened, 4 ounces goat cheese, softened, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, ½ clove garlic, minced, or more to taste, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup whole almonds, or as needed, 3  large fresh rosemary sprigs
Instructions: Stir cream cheese, goat cheese, parsley, tarragon, thyme, garlic, cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl until smooth and well-mixed. Turn cheese mixture out onto a serving platter and form into a tapered oval shape to resemble a pine cone. Starting at the tapered end, press almonds into the cheese cone so that the tip of the almond is facing out and down, and cheese cone is completely covered with almonds and resembles a pine cone. Place rosemary sprigs at the top to resemble pine needles. Chef John

Title: How to Make Cream Cheese
Ingredients: 1  package of cheesecloth, 1 (32 ounce) container plain yogurt (such as sheeps' milk yogurt), 1 teaspoon kosher salt
Instructions: Line a colander with 6 thin layers of cheesecloth set over a bowl, letting the edges of the cheesecloth hang over the sides. Pour in the yogurt and gather the cheesecloth at the top. Tie the bundle together at the top with kitchen twine and hang the yogurt partially inside a large bowl or large measuring cup set in the refrigerator to drain for 24 hours. Check liquid level in container and pour off if it gets too high. Unwrap the cheesecloth and place cream cheese into a mixing bowl, sprinkle with salt, and mix until smooth and thoroughly combined. Line a 4 1/2-ounce ramekin or a small bowl with 4 thin layers of clean cheesecloth. Spoon the salted cream cheese into the ramekin, avoiding creating air pockets. Smooth top of the cream cheese and place a small circle of plastic on top, cut out of a plastic bag. The plastic should just fit inside the ramekin. Fold the cheesecloth over the top and cut off excess cheesecloth. Place another piece of plastic wrap over the ramekin. Cut out a small cardboard circle, just barely smaller than the inside of the ramekin, and place the cardboard circle on top of the plastic wrap. Place a small heavy object (such as a can of food) onto the cardboard. Refrigerate to press and age the cream cheese for 2 days. Carefully unwrap all the layers of plastic and cheesecloth to reveal the pressed cheese. Transfer to a serving plate with the flat side down to show the cheesecloth marks. Refrigerate leftovers. Chef's Note Serve with crisp crackers or toasted bread slices, topped with a drizzle of honey and chopped pistachios.

Title: Cheese Fondue
Ingredients: 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour (or cornstarch), ¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ pound shredded Swiss cheese, ½ pound shredded Gruyère cheese, ¼ teaspoon salt, 1 (1 pound) loaf French bread, cut into 1 inch cubes
Instructions: Bring wine to a simmer in a fondue pot over medium-low. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in flour and nutmeg until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add Swiss and Gruyère cheeses, 1/4 pound at a time, mixing after each addition until cheese is melted. Season with salt. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve with cut-up French bread. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Best Formula Three-Cheese Fondue
Ingredients: 1 cup dry white wine (such as Sauvignon Blanc), 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 7 ounces Gruyère cheese, shredded, 7 ounces sharp Cheddar cheese, shredded, 7 ounces Emmentaler cheese, shredded
Instructions: Heat wine in a small saucepan over low heat until simmering. Meanwhile, melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Whisk in flour until a thick paste forms. Whisk in wine until mixture is smooth. Gradually stir in Gruyère, Cheddar, and Emmentaler cheese until melted, about 5 minutes. Transfer cheese mixture into fondue pot. Keep warm over a low flame.

Title: Beer Cheese Fondue
Ingredients: 8 ounces shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 8 ounces shredded Swiss cheese, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, halved, 1 (12 fluid ounce) can or bottle beer, 1 dash hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®)
Instructions: Combine Cheddar cheese, Swiss cheese, flour, salt, and black pepper in a bowl. Rub cut side of garlic clove around bottom and sides of fondue pot. Pour beer into fondue pot and slowly bring to a simmer over medium-low heat, about 5 minutes. Gradually stir cheese mixture into beer, adding small amounts at a time, until cheese is melted and blended, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in hot pepper sauce. Recipe Tip If the mixture gets too thick, reheat and add a little more beer.

Title: Strawberry Oreo Cheesecake
Ingredients: 2 cups hulled and chopped fresh strawberries, 6 tablespoons white sugar, or to taste, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 pinch salt, 1 tablespoon water, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 1/4 cups  crushed Oreo® cookies with the centers removed (about 30 cookies), 2 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted, 16 small to medium strawberries, hulled and halved, or as needed, 4 Oreo® cookies, cut in half, 3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 3/4 cup white sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon almond extract, 1 pinch ground nutmeg, 3 large eggs, at room temperature
Instructions: Strawberry sauce: Place strawberries, sugar, lemon juice, and salt in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring often, until strawberries soften and release their juices, about 10 minutes. Use a potato masher to mash strawberries. Stir water and cornstarch together in a small bowl. Add cornstarch mixture to strawberries, and cook, stirring constantly, until mixture begins to thicken, 1 to 2 minutes more. Remove from heat, and carefully pour mixture through a fine mesh sieve set over a bowl; use the back of a wooden spoon or spatula to press out as much juice as possible. Discard pulp. Place strawberry sauce, uncovered, into the refrigerator to cool. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan. Oreo crust: Combine cookie crumbs, brown sugar, and salt. Stir in melted butter until thoroughly combined. Press mixture evenly into the bottom and 1 inch up the sides of the prepared pan. Place pan on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake crust in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven, leaving oven on, and allow to cool for 10 minutes. Cheesecake filling: Beat cream cheese and sugar until thoroughly smooth and combined. Add in heavy cream, lemon juice, vanilla extract, salt, almond extract, and nutmeg; beat on low speed until smooth. Add in eggs, and beat on low speed just until eggs are incorporated. Pour half of filling into crust. Drizzle 6 tablespoons of cooled strawberry sauce over filling. Pour remaining filling into the pan, taking care to cover strawberry sauce. Reserve remaining strawberry sauce, covered, in the refrigerator until ready to serve the cheesecake. Return cheesecake to the oven and bake until the top looks set, and edges are beginning to turn golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Turn oven off, prop the door slightly ajar, and leave cheesecake to cool in the oven for 1 hour. Remove cheesecake to a wire rack. Run a knife around the top edge of cheesecake to loosen it slightly from the pan; allow to cool in the pan to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours. When ready to serve, toss halved strawberries into reserved strawberry sauce until thoroughly coated. Remove cheesecake from springform pan; place on a serving platter. Pour strawberries and sauce on top of the cake, and turn all the berries cut-side-down. Garnish with halved Oreos, if desired. Keep extra cheesecake stored in the fridge.

Title: Churro Cheesecake Bars
Ingredients: cooking spray, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 2 (7.5-ounce) packages brown sugar and cinnamon spreadable cream cheese, softened, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon orange zest (optional), 2 (8-ounce) packages refrigerated crescent sheets (2 sheets), 1/4 cup salted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons cajeta (Mexican caramel), warmed (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly coat a 13x9-inch baking pan with cooking spray. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. Sprinkle ½ of the sugar mixture evenly in the bottom of the pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place one crescent sheet in the pan, trimming to fit as needed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the filling: Beat cream cheese, egg, vanilla, and orange zest together in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread cream cheese filling evenly over crescent crust in pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently lay the remaining crescent sheet over the filling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour melted butter over the top. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle remaining sugar mixture evenly over top. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Cool slightly. Cut into bars. Serve warm or chill and serve within 24 hours. If desired, drizzle with Cajeta just before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Perfect Cheesecake with Strawberry Topping
Ingredients: 14 graham crackers, 1/4 cup white sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, melted, 4 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened, 1 1/4 cups white sugar, 3/4 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 quarts fresh strawberries, stems removed and halved, divided, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1/2 cup cold water
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Break graham crackers into the bowl of a food processor. Add sugar and pulse until large crumbs form. Add butter and pulse just until combined and mixture resembles slightly wet sand. Lightly grease a 10-inch springform pan; press mixture lightly into the bottom and about 1 inch up the sides of the pan. Bake in the preheated oven until fragrant and slightly golden brown around the edges, about 8 minutes. Let cool. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Bring about 3 quarts of water to a boil. Place cream cheese in the bowl of a stand mixer. Using a paddle attachment, whip cheese on medium speed just until smooth, to avoid incorporating too much air. Add sugar and beat until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add in sour cream, vanilla, lemon juice and salt and blend until just combined. With the mixer on low speed, add eggs, one at a time, mixing until each egg is fully incorporated, then mix until just combined and smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Pour mixture into the prepared crust. Wrap bottom and sides of pan well with heavy duty aluminum foil. Place the pan inside a large deep roasting pan and set pan in the oven. Carefully pour boiling water into the roasting pan around the cheesecake without letting any water inside the foil wrap or the cheesecake. Bake in the preheated oven until the center is very slightly jiggly, about 50 minutes. Carefully remove pans from the oven and allow cheesecake to cool in the water bath for 15 to 20 minutes. After about 10 minutes, just when cheesecake starts to release itself from the sides, run a knife around the sides. Remove wrapped cheesecake from water bath and place on a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour. Unwrap cheesecake and place in refrigerator until fully chilled and ready to serve, at least 4 hours. Place 1/2 of strawberries in a large saucepan and stir in sugar, lemon, vanilla, cornstarch, and water. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring often. Reduce heat to medium high and allow mixture to simmer until berries are softened. Using a potato masher, mash strawberries until slightly chunky; continue to simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat, stir in remaining strawberries, and let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Serve cheesecake slices with strawberry topping. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chef John's Strawberry Semifreddo
Ingredients: 1 pound fresh strawberries, ½ cup white sugar, ¾ cup full-fat Greek yogurt, lemon, zested, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, ⅛ teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon aged balsamic vinegar (Optional), 1 pinch salt, 1 ¾ cups cold heavy cream, 6  shortbread cookies, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1 ½ cups diced fresh strawberries, 2 tablespoons white sugar, or more to taste
Instructions: Line 10 ramekins with plastic wrap and place them onto a baking sheet. Hull strawberries with the tip of a knife. Place strawberries in a food processor. Add sugar, Greek yogurt, lemon zest, lemon juice, vanilla extract, and balsamic vinegar. Sprinkle in a tiny pinch of salt. Pulse on and off to combine; finish pureeing on high until smooth. Whisk heavy cream in a bowl until soft peaks form. Add the strawberry puree. Stir and fold with a spatula until most of the major streaks disappear. Fill ramekins 1/4 to 1/8 inch from the top with the strawberry mixture. Tap baking sheet against the counter to settle the tops. Cover ramekins in plastic wrap and freeze until mostly firm, about 1 1/2 hours. Meanwhile, place cookies in a resealable plastic bag. Seal; crush cookies through with a rolling pin to get 1 1/2 cups of crumbs. Place crumbs into a bowl; add butter and mix well. Divide the cookie crumb mixture among the ramekins and smooth out with the back of a spoon. Cover again and freeze until completely frozen, about 2 hours. Toss diced strawberries with sugar in a bowl. Let rest at room temperature until a syrup forms below the strawberries, about 1 hour. Warm up each ramekin in your hands to help unmold the semifreddo; invert onto a plate. Top with the strawberries in syrup. Thaw for 10 to 15 minutes before serving. Chef's Notes: Use any kind of cookies crumbs you prefer or none at all. If you have ice pop molds, this mixture would be perfect frozen on a stick.

Title: Triple Seared Whiskey Burger
Ingredients: 1 pound ground beef (85% lean recommended), 2 teaspoons avocado oil, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 1/3 cup whiskey, 1/4 cup soy sauce
Instructions: Wet your hands, and form 2 (8-ounce) burgers; place on a plate, cover, and refrigerate until ready to grill. For this process, cold meat works best. Before starting the triple-searing process, build a very hot hardwood charcoal fire. Oak, mesquite or hickory are great choices. The coals should be glowing red, and radiating extreme heat before the meat hits the grill. Rub burgers all over with oil. Coat with sea salt until entire surface area is completely covered. Pour whiskey into a shallow bowl; set aside. Place burgers on hottest spot on the grill, and sear both sides, 2 minutes per side. Transfer burgers into bowl of whiskey, and turn constantly for at least 1 minute. Most of the salt will rinse off. Place burgers back onto the hottest spot on the grill, and sear both sides again, 2 minutes per side. You can baste steak with a small amount of whiskey while searing. Add soy sauce to another shallow bowl. Add burgers to the bowl, and turn constantly for at least 1 minute. Return burgers to the hottest spot on the grill for the 3rd and final sear. Grill each side until desired doneness is reached, about 2 minutes. For a rosy-pink (medium-rare) inside, remove when an instant-read thermometer inserted near the center reads 125 to 130 F (52 to 54 degrees C). Chef John Chef's Note: For an optional step, after the last (soy) sear, more whiskey can be drizzled over and seared on and while you wait for the burger to finish cooking. For an 8 ounce burger, over very high heat, about 2 minutes per side, per sear, should get you close to medium-rare.

Title: These Homemade Cherry Tarts Are Sure to Sweeten Your Day
Ingredients: 1 (14.1 ounce) package refrigerated pie crusts, 1 pound fresh sweet cherries, pitted, 2 tablespoons minute tapioca, 1/3 cup sugar, 1/2 teaspoon almond extract, 1 pinch salt, 1/2 cup whipped cream, or as needed (optional), grated chocolate as needed for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Place pie crusts on a lightly floured surface and roll out each crust with a rolling pin, so it is large enough to cut three 5 to 5-1/2-inch circles, for a total of 6 tart crusts. Fit each dough circle into a 4-inch removable-bottom tart pan. Press the dough against the sides of the pans, and prick the bottom with a fork to prevent bubbling. Remove any excess dough by running the rolling pin across the top of each pan. Refrigerate tart crusts until well chilled, about 45 minutes, keeping them refrigerated until ready to use. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). In a large bowl, combine cherries, tapioca, sugar, almond extract, and salt. Remove the pans from the fridge and distribute cherry mixture evenly among the tart pans. Place the pans on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until cherries are soft and crust is golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes.

Title: Old-Time Mincemeat Pie
Ingredients: 1 ¼ pounds round steak, cut into small pieces, 1 cup apple cider, 4  Granny Smith apples - peeled, cored and finely diced, 2 ½ cups dried currants, 2 ½ cups raisins, 1 (16 ounce) jar sour cherry preserves, 1 ⅓ cups white sugar, ½ pound chopped candied mixed fruit peel, ½ cup butter, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, ½ teaspoon ground cloves, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 (16 ounce) can pitted sour cherries, drained, 1 (14.1 ounce) package double-crust pie pastry, thawed, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon white sugar, for sprinkling
Instructions: Combine steak and cider in a Dutch oven. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Cover and cook until steak is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove steak to a cutting board; coarsely chop, then return to the pot. Stir in apples, currants, raisins, cherry preserves, 1 1/3 cups sugar, mixed fruit peel, and butter. Add ginger, cloves, nutmeg, cinnamon, and salt. Simmer, uncovered, over low heat until mixture is very thick, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Stir in cherries and remove from heat. Transfer filling to a container and allow to cool at room temperature. Cover tightly and refrigerate for at least 1 week before using. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 9-inch pie dish with 1 pastry crust. Spoon filling into crust and cover with second pastry crust. Crimp edges and cut several slits into top pastry. Brush with cream and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon sugar. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 45 minutes.

Title: Cherry Pie
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 pinch salt, 1 cup shortening, chilled, ½ cup cold water, 2 cups pitted sour cherries, 1 ¼ cups white sugar, 10 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon butter, ¼ teaspoon almond extract
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Whisk flour and salt together in a bowl. Cut in shortening with 2 knives or a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Mix in cold water by hand just until dough holds together. Divide dough in half and form into disks. Wrap each disk in plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled, 30 minutes to 1 hour. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Roll out 1 dough disk into an 11-inch circle and press it into a 9-inch pie dish. Place in the refrigerator until needed. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Roll out remaining dough disk into an 11-inch circle for the top crust, transfer it to a plate or baking sheet, and refrigerate until needed. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place a baking tray in the oven to preheat. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Place cherries, sugar, and cornstarch in a medium, non-aluminum saucepan. Allow mixture to stand until juices begin to release, about 10 minutes. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Lower the heat and simmer until juices thicken and become translucent, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and stir in butter and almond extract. Allow filling to cool to lukewarm. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Pour cooled filling into prepared pie crust. Cover with top crust, trim and crimp the edges to seal, and cut vents for steam. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Bake in the preheated oven on the preheated baking tray until crust is golden brown, 45 to 55 minutes. Allow to cool for several hours before slicing. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Serve with a scoop of ice cream and enjoy! ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA

Title: Chess Pie
Ingredients: ½ cup butter, 2 cups white sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, ¼ cup evaporated milk, 1 tablespoon cornmeal, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 1 (9 inch) unbaked pie shell
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Mix butter, sugar, and vanilla together in a large bowl. Mix in eggs, then stir in evaporated milk, cornmeal, and vinegar until smooth. Pour into pie shell. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes, then reduce heat to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) and continue to bake for 40 minutes. Let cool before cutting. Crossman

Title: Chocolate Chess Pie
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups white sugar, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 large eggs, 1 (5 ounce) can evaporated milk, ¼ cup melted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 (9 inch) unbaked pie crust
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix sugar and cocoa together in a large bowl. Beat eggs in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy; stir into cocoa mixture. Beat in evaporated milk, butter, and vanilla. Pour mixture into unbaked pie crust. Bake in the preheated oven until set, about 45 minutes. Let cool before slicing.

Title: Buttermilk Chess Pie
Ingredients: 2 cups white sugar, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 5  eggs, ⅔ cup buttermilk, ½ cup melted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 (9 inch) unbaked pie crust
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C.) In a large bowl, combine sugar and flour. Beat in the eggs and buttermilk until blended. Stir in the melted butter and vanilla. Pour filling into the pie crust. Bake in the preheated oven until filling is set, about 45 minutes. Editor's Note: Please note differences in ingredient amounts and total time when following the magazine version of this recipe.

Title: Famous Chicken Adobo
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 (3 pound) chicken, cut into pieces, 1 large onion, quartered and sliced, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, ⅔ cup low sodium soy sauce, ⅓ cup white vinegar, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 1  bay leaf
Instructions: Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken pieces until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a plate and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add onion and garlic to the skillet; cook until softened and brown, about 6 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour in soy sauce and vinegar and season with garlic powder, black pepper, and bay leaf. Return chicken to pan, increase heat to high, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until chicken is tender and cooked through, 35 to 40 minutes. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Instant Pot Filipino Chicken Adobo
Ingredients: ½ cup distilled white vinegar, ¼ cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, roughly cracked, 2  bay leaves, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 ½ pounds bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs, 1 tablespoon chopped scallions
Instructions: Whisk together vinegar, soy sauce, garlic, olive oil, brown sugar, and crushed peppercorns in a medium bowl until sugar is dissolved. Stir in bay leaves. Line the bottom of a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) with onion slices. Place chicken thighs over onion and pour vinegar mixture over the top. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 minutes for pressure to build. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Release pressure using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Using tongs, transfer chicken thighs to the prepared baking sheet, skin-side up. Select Sauté function and cook until sauce thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler to high. Cook chicken under the preheated broiler until skin is crispy, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer chicken to a serving plate and spoon sauce over the top. Garnish with scallions.

Title: Slow Cooker Adobo Chicken
Ingredients: 1 small sweet onion, sliced, 8 cloves garlic, crushed, ¾ cup low sodium soy sauce, ½ cup vinegar, 1 (3 pound) whole chicken, cut into pieces
Instructions: Place chicken in a slow cooker. In a small bowl mix the onion, garlic, soy sauce, and vinegar, and pour over the chicken. Cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours.

Title: Classic Chicken and Dumplings
Ingredients: 1 (2 to 3 pound) whole chicken, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup hot chicken broth, 1  egg
Instructions: Cover chicken with salted water in a large stockpot or Dutch oven; simmer until cooked through and tender, remove chicken from pot and remove meat from bones. Keep chicken warm while making the dumplings. To make the dumplings: Sift about 2 cups of flour and 1 teaspoon baking powder into a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the flour mixture; pour in 1 cup of hot chicken broth, mixing first with a fork, then with your fingers. Add the egg and mix well again. Knead the dough for a few seconds on a floured board. Separate the dough into 4 or 5 parts and roll as thin as possible. Cut into 1 1/2 or 2 inch wide pieces. Break these into 2 inch long strips. Drop into boiling chicken broth and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes. Serve with previously prepared chicken.

Title: Homemade Dumplings
Ingredients: 1 cup all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon white sugar, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter or margarine, ½ cup milk
Instructions: Stir together flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut in butter until mixture is crumbly. Stir in milk and mix until a batter forms that is thick enough to be scooped with a spoon. Allow batter to rest for 3 to 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drop batter by spoonfuls into boiling stew or soup. Cover and simmer without lifting the lid for 15 minutes. Serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tips To make parsley dumplings, add 1 tablespoon parsley flakes to the dry ingredients. For a finer consistency, sift the flour mixture.

Title: Slow Cooker Chicken and Dumplings
Ingredients: 4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 (10.5 ounce) cans condensed cream of chicken soup, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 (10 ounce) package refrigerated biscuit dough, 2 cups water, or as needed to cover
Instructions: Place chicken, condensed soup, onion, and butter in a slow cooker. Add enough water to cover; stir well. Cover and cook on High for 5 to 6 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios About 30 minutes before serving, tear biscuit dough into pieces. Place dough in the slow cooker. Cook until dough is no longer raw in the center. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tips Cover chicken with stock instead of water for a richer flavor, if you prefer. You can use more biscuit dough if you like, but the biscuits might take longer to cook.

Title: Instant Pot Chicken Cacciatore
Ingredients: 4 (6 ounce) bone-in chicken thighs, with skin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 (4 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms, 3 stalks celery, chopped, ½  onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 (14 ounce) can stewed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence, ¾ cup water, 3 cubes  chicken bouillon, crumbled, 1 pinch red pepper flakes (Optional), 1 pinch ground black pepper to taste (Optional)
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Rinse chicken thighs and pat dry with paper towels. Heat oil in the pot of an electric pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) on Sauté mode; add chicken. Cook until browned, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a plate, reserving drippings in the pot. Place mushrooms, celery, and onion in the pot; cook and stir until soft, about 5 minutes. Add garlic; cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Place chicken back in the pot; add tomatoes and tomato paste. Sprinkle with herbes de Provence. Top with water and bouillon. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Cook for 11 minutes. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid carefully, turning it away from you. Test chicken for doneness; an instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Season to taste with red pepper flakes and black pepper. France C Recipe Tip If you prefer a thicker sauce, remove the chicken and bring the sauce to a boil on the Sauté mode. Cook until reduced and thickened.

Title: Chicken Cacciatore in a Slow Cooker
Ingredients: 4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 1 (28 ounce) jar spaghetti sauce (such as Classico® Cabernet Marinara with Herbs), 1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste, 4 ounces sliced fresh mushrooms, ½  yellow onion, minced, ½  green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 ½ teaspoons dried oregano, ½ teaspoon dried basil, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place chicken in a slow cooker. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in spaghetti sauce, tomato paste, mushrooms, onion, bell pepper, garlic, oregano, basil, black pepper, and red pepper flakes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover and cook on Low until chicken is tender, 6 to 8 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip You can substitute canned, sliced mushrooms for the fresh mushrooms.

Title: Mom's Chicken Cacciatore
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour for coating, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 (4 pound) chicken, cut into pieces, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1  onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1  green bell pepper, chopped, 1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes, ½ teaspoon dried oregano, ½ cup white wine, 2 cups fresh mushrooms, quartered, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Combine the flour, salt and pepper in a plastic bag. Shake the chicken pieces in flour until coated. Heat the oil in a large skillet (one that has a cover/lid). Fry the chicken pieces until they are browned on both sides. Remove from skillet. Add the onion, garlic and bell pepper to the skillet and saute until the onion is slightly browned. Return the chicken to the skillet and add the tomatoes, oregano and wine. Cover and simmer for 30 minutes over medium low heat. Add the mushrooms and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer for 10 more minutes.

Title: Fabulous Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole
Ingredients: 8 ounces egg noodles, 1/2 cup butter, 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, 1 1/2 cups 1% milk, 1/2 cup half-and-half, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons white wine, 6 ounces shredded Swiss cheese, 2 cups cubed cooked chicken, 5 ounces diced ham, 1 cup garlic butter croutons, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon melted butter
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch casserole dish. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in noodles and return to a boil. Cook noodles uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, make a roux: Melt butter in a saucepan over low heat. Stir in flour and cook, stirring constantly, until bubbly and light brown, about 5 minutes. Add milk, half-and-half, salt, and pepper. Bring to a simmer, stirring frequently, until mixture thickens. Remove from heat; stir in wine, shredded Swiss cheese, cubed chicken, and ham and mix well. Stir cooked noodles and chicken mixture together in a large bowl until well mixed. Pour into the prepared casserole dish. Add croutons and Parmesan to the bowl of a food processor, and pulse until finely ground. Pour in melted butter and pulse a few times to mix. Top casserole with crouton mixture. Bake in the preheated oven until hot, bubbly, and lightly browned on top, 30 to 40 minutes.

Title: Chicken Cordon Bleu
Ingredients: nonstick cooking spray, 4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, ¼ teaspoon salt, ⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper, 6 slices Swiss cheese, 4 slices cooked ham, ½ cup seasoned bread crumbs
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat a 7x11-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Pound chicken breasts to 1/4 inch thickness. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle each piece of chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Place 1 Swiss cheese slice and 1 ham slice on top of each breast. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll up each breast and secure with toothpicks. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place in the prepared baking dish and sprinkle chicken evenly with bread crumbs. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink, 30 to 35 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove from the oven, and place 1/2 Swiss cheese slice on top of each breast. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Return to the oven until cheese has melted, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove toothpicks and serve immediately. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Air Fryer Chicken Cordon Bleu
Ingredients: 2  boneless, skinless chicken breasts, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 4 slices deli Swiss cheese, 4 slices deli ham, 2 toothpicks, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, 1  egg, beaten, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, ⅓ cup grated Parmesan cheese, cooking spray
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Place a chicken breast on a flat work surface. Slice horizontally through the middle, being careful not to cut all the way through to the other side. Open the 2 sides and spread them out like an open book. Place chicken breast between 2 sheets of heavy plastic on a solid, level surface; lightly pound with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a 1/4-inch thickness. Repeat with remaining chicken breast. Season each chicken breast with salt and pepper. Spread Dijon mustard on top. Place 1 slice of cheese on each breast. Top each with 2 slices of ham and 1 slice of cheese. Roll each breast up and secure with a toothpick. Place flour in a shallow bowl. Place egg in a second bowl. Mix panko bread crumbs and grated Parmesan in a third bowl. Preheat an air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Meanwhile, dredge chicken breasts in flour; shake off excess. Dip into beaten egg, allowing any excess egg to drip back into the bowl. Press into bread crumb mixture to coat both sides; place breaded chicken breasts onto a plate and spray with nonstick spray. Let sit for 5 minutes while the air fryer preheats, then arrange breaded chicken in a single layer in the air fryer basket. Cook in the preheated air fryer for 10 minutes; flip chicken breasts and spray any dry spots with nonstick spray. Cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center, 8 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Editor's Note: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of breading ingredients. The actual amount of breading consumed will vary.

Title: Easier Chicken Marsala
Ingredients: ¼ cup all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon garlic salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ½ teaspoon dried oregano, 4  boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms, ½ cup Marsala wine
Instructions: Whisk flour, garlic salt, pepper, and oregano together in a bowl. Dredge chicken in flour mixture until lightly coated. Heat oil and butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and cook until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Flip chicken and add mushrooms. Cook, stirring mushrooms occasionally, until chicken is browned on the other side, about 2 more minutes. Pour Marsala wine over chicken. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Title: Chef John's Chicken Marsala
Ingredients: 2  skin-on, boneless chicken breast halves, 1 teaspoon salt and ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 5  white mushrooms, sliced, 1  shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 1 cup Marsala wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon cold butter
Instructions: Season chicken breasts all over with salt and pepper. Melt 1 1/2 tablespoons butter and olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook chicken breasts, skin-side down, in hot butter and oil until browned, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until breasts are almost cooked through, about 5 minutes more. Transfer chicken breasts to a plate. Melt 1 1/2 tablespoons butter in the same skillet over medium-high heat. Saute mushrooms with a pinch of salt and a pinch of pepper in hot butter until mushrooms are golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Add minced shallot; cook and stir until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle flour over the top and cook and stir until the bitterness of the flour cooks off, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour wine into skillet and bring to a boil; cook and stir until wine reduces and sauce thickens, 3 to 4 minutes. Add chicken stock; bring to a simmer and cook until slightly reduced, 3 to 5 minutes more. Return chicken breasts to the skillet, reduce heat to low, and cook chicken, turning once, until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from heat. Move chicken to one side of the skillet and tilt the skillet so that the sauce pools at the bottom. Stir parsley and 1 teaspoon cold butter into the sauce, stirring constantly, until sauce is shiny and butter is completely melted. Transfer chicken breasts to plates and spoon mushrooms and sauce over the top.

Title: Chicken Marsala with Portobello Mushrooms
Ingredients: 8 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 4  portobello mushroom caps, sliced, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 1 (14.5 ounce) can beef broth, ½ cup dry Marsala wine, 1 tablespoon browning sauce, kosher salt, or to taste, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste, 6  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - pounded to 1/2 inch thickness, 1 pinch kosher salt and pepper to taste, ¾ cup all-purpose flour, or as needed
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt 4 tablespoons butter and heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir the mushroom slices in the skillet until tender. Remove pan from heat and set aside. Melt 1 tablespoon butter and heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir in the garlic and cook until tender, then gradually whisk in 1 tablespoon flour. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Increase heat to high, and whisk in the beef broth, Marsala, and browning sauce. Season sauce with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Bring sauce to a boil, and reduce heat to low. Mix in the cooked mushrooms; you'll use the skillet to cook the chicken. Cover saucepan and remove from heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper, and dredge chicken breasts in the flour. Over medium heat, melt remaining 3 tablespoons butter in the skillet used to cook the mushrooms. Cook the chicken 2 minutes per side, until browned. Arrange the chicken in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish, and cover with the sauce and mushroom mixture. Cover baking dish, and bake 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until chicken juices run clear.

Title: Chicken Zoodle Soup in a Jar
Ingredients: 4 teaspoons chicken stock base, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary, 1/2 teaspoon ground sage, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 2/3 cups shredded cooked chicken, 2 1/2 cups spiralized zucchini, 1/2 cup shredded carrot, 1/2 cup thinly sliced celery, 1/3 cup finely chopped sweet onion
Instructions: Stir together chicken stock base, garlic, dried rosemary, ground sage, and black pepper in a small bowl. Divide mixture evenly among 3 microwave-safe pint-size canning jars with lids. Layer evenly with chicken, spiralized zucchini, carrot, celery, and sweet onion. Chill, covered, up to 5 days. To serve, see “Heat and Eat”, below. Season with pepper. Heat and Eat Let jar stand at room temperature 10 minutes or run under warm water 1 minute. Add water (about 1 cup) to ingredients in jar until nearly full. Microwave (without lid) 3 minutes. Carefully screw on lid (jar will be very hot); let stand 5 minutes. Invert jar to combine ingredients. Eat out of jar or transfer to a bowl to serve.

Title: Classic Italian Pastina Soup
Ingredients: 1 (3 to 4 lb) whole chicken, neck and insides removed, 10 to 12 cups water, 3 stalks celery, divided, 2 white or yellow onions, peeled, divided, 3 large carrots, peeled, divided, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, divided, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, divided, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 clove garlic, minced, 1  tablespoon reduced sodium chicken base (such as Better than Bouillon®), 1 cup pastina or other tiny pasta, such as stars, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, or to taste (optional), 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, or to taste (optional)
Instructions: Place chicken in a large pot and pour water over to cover. Roughly chop 2 stalks of celery, 1 1/2 onions, and 2 carrots and add to pot with chicken. Season with 2 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and bring pot to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low and allow the chicken to simmer 1 hour, covered. Remove chicken from the pot and allow to cool before removing and shredding the meat. Strain the stock and discard the solids. Reserve liquid and add water if necessary to measure 12 cups of liquid. Wipe pot clean. Finely chop remaining celery, onion and carrot. Place pot over medium-high heat and add oil. Add chopped vegetables, remaining salt, pepper and garlic and cook frequently until vegetables are tender and onion is translucent (the veggies should not be browned). Add reserved stock and chicken base and stir to combine. Bring mixture to a boil and reduce it to simmer. Allow soup to simmer 10 minutes. Increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Add pasta and cook, stirring occasionally 15 minutes or until pasta is tender. Reduce heat to low and add chicken and season if desired. Cook 5 additional minutes. Stir in chopped parsley and serve with grated Parmesan cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Mason Jar Instant Noodles
Ingredients: 1 (32 ounce) large mouth mason jar with lid, 1/2 cup cubed cooked chicken, 2 baby carrots, shredded, 1/4 cup chopped cabbage, 2 dried shiitake mushrooms, chopped, 1 green onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha sauce, 2 ounces thin rice noodles, broken up, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon cube, 2 1/2 cups boiling water
Instructions: Place chopped chicken in the bottom of the mason jar. Add carrots, cabbage, mushrooms, and green onion. Top with sesame oil, soy sauce, and Sriracha sauce. Add noodles. Crumble bouillon cube over the top. Refrigerate until ready to use. When ready to serve, pour boiling water into the jar. Screw the lid on and let sit 5 minutes. Stir well and eat.

Title: Creamy Garlic Parmesan Chicken
Ingredients: 2 pounds chicken breast tenders, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, ½ cup all-purpose flour, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 ½ cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup Italian-seasoned panko bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, parchment paper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, or more as needed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, or more as needed, 3 cloves garlic, minced, ½ cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, 2 cups heavy cream, chopped fresh parsley for garnish (Optional)
Instructions: Pat chicken tenders dry with paper towels and season lightly with salt and pepper. Place flour on a shallow plate. Place beaten eggs into a shallow bowl. Combine grated Parmesan cheese, Italian-seasoned panko crumbs, and 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, and place on a second shallow plate. Cover a dinner plate or platter with parchment paper. Dip each lightly seasoned chicken breast tender in flour, shaking off the excess. Next, dip in beaten egg, and hold the tender over the eggs to allow excess to drip back into the bowl. Place each tender on the panko mixture. With dry fingers, scoop panko mix over the tender, patting the crumbs in. Place on the parchment-covered plate. Repeat with remaining chicken tenders, until all tenders are breaded with flour, egg, and panko mix. Melt 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat until butter is bubbling. Add tenders, 1 at a time, being careful not to crowd the skillet. You may need to cook chicken in 2 batches. Cook until breading is browned and chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 3 to 4 minutes per side, being careful not to burn the breading. Turn tenders when the crust is nicely browned and continue cooking until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Adjust heat down a notch or two, if the crust is getting too brown, and add a bit more oil or butter, if the skillet looks dry. Remove cooked chicken to a cooling rack. Add garlic to the skillet, and stir until garlic is fragrant, 30 to 45 seconds. Deglaze skillet with white wine, stirring up all the browned bits from the bottom of the skillet. Season Italian herb seasoning blend and red pepper flakes. Stir in cream and heat over medium high. Bring sauce to a boil, stirring frequently, and adjust flavor with salt and pepper, if needed. Allow sauce to bubble until desired consistency is achieved, 3 to 4 minutes. Return cooked chicken tenders to the skillet and warm in the sauce, about 1 minute. Garnish with fresh parsley. Brenda Venable Cook’s Note Use scant salt on the tenders, and adjust seasonings in the sauce, if needed, before returning the chicken to the pan. This creamy dish is perfect with plain pasta, mashed potatoes, or green vegetables.

Title: Chicken Parm Burgers
Ingredients: 12 ounces boneless skinless chicken thighs or breasts, cut into 1-inch pieces, 4 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded, 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons panko breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/4 cup marinara or other prepared tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons soft or melted butter, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 teaspoons minced parsley, 1 pinch kosher salt, 4 burger buns, 4 teaspoons freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, or more to taste, 1/4 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1 cup hot marinara sauce, divided, 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 2 teaspoons minced fresh Italian parsley, or as needed
Instructions: Combine chicken, 4 ounces mozzarella cheese, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, black pepper, granulated garlic, oregano, 2 tablespoons panko breadcrumbs, olive oil, and 1/4 cup marinara sauce in a food processor. Pulse on and off until mixture is finely ground, forms a ball, and starts spinning around in the food processor. For best results, scrape down the sides of the bowl during the process. Stop the food processor and transfer chicken mixture into a bowl; cover and chill for about 30 minutes. You can proceed without chilling, but shaping patties is much easier if the mixture is cold. Using wet hands, shape mixture into 4 equal-sized patties. Wrap each patty in plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled or until you are ready to cook. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with foil. Stir soft butter, crushed garlic, parsley, and pinch of salt together in a small bowl. Place burger buns on the prepared sheet pan, and spread with garlic butter. Dust tops with about 1 teaspoon grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, if desired. Toast in the preheated oven until lightly browned, 7 to 10 minutes. Press patties out to the same size as the bun. Apply panko breadcrumbs to each patty, pressing into both sides of the patty, about 1 tablespoon each. Heat olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. When hot, transfer in the patties, and cook until a golden brown crust forms, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip over and cook 1 minute, then spoon a little hot marinara sauce onto each. Sprinkle about 2 tablespoons mozzarella cheese over each burger, cover the pan, and cook until the temperature of chicken measured with an instant-read thermometer reaches 150 degrees F (66 degrees C), 2 to 3 minutes more. Rest for 3 minutes, covered, before assembling burgers. Spoon some hot marinara sauce on the bottom of each bun, and top with chicken Parm burgers, a sprinkle of fresh parsley, and the other half of bun. Serve immediately. John Mitzewich Chef's Notes: For a slider version, divide the chicken patty mixture into 8 equal portions. The chicken patties can be made a day ahead if desired. From the Editor USDA safe internal cooking temperature for chicken in 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Temperature will continue to rise as burgers rest. Consuming undercooked chicken may increase your risk of foodborne illness, especially if you have certain medical conditions.

Title: Creamy Lemon Parmesan Chicken
Ingredients: 3/4 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1/4 cup flour, 8 skinless boneless chicken thighs, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 3/4 cups low sodium chicken broth, 1/2 cup mascarpone, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water, chopped fresh oregano to taste, 4 lemon wedges for serving
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese and flour in a shallow dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge chicken in flour mixture to coat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken, half at a time, and brown well, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove chicken from skillet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add garlic to skillet and cook over medium until fragrant, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together broth, mascarpone, lemon zest, lemon juice, and remaining 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese in a medium bowl. Add to skillet. Bring to a boil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together cornstarch and water in a small bowl. Add to skillet, stirring until thickened and bubbly. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Return chicken to skillet, return to boiling. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until chicken is no longer pink (170°F), 5 to 6 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Slice chicken and return to sauce. Serve mixture topped with fresh oregano. Serve with lemon wedges. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note You can use 4 ounces softened cream cheese instead of mascarpone. Basil can be used instead of oregano.

Title: Lemon Chicken Piccata
Ingredients: 3 large skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into ½-inch medallions, salt and pepper to taste, ½ cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, or as needed, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup low sodium chicken broth, ½  lemon, thinly sliced, ¼ cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons minced Italian (flat-leaf) parsley
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Place a serving platter into the oven to warm. Season chicken breast pieces with salt and pepper and dredge them in flour. Shake off excess flour. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet; pan-fry the chicken pieces until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Work in batches and do not crowd skillet, adding oil as needed. Place chicken pieces onto the warmed platter in the oven. When finished with all of the chicken, drain most of the oil from the skillet, leaving a thin coating on the surface of the pan. Cook and stir minced garlic in the skillet until fragrant, about 20 seconds. Pour in chicken broth; scrape and stir any brown bits from the bottom of the skillet. Stir in lemon slices and bring the mixture to a boil. Let cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce reduces to about 2/3 cup, 5 to 8 minutes. Add lemon juice and capers; simmer until sauce is reduced and slightly thickened, about 5 minutes more. Drop butter into the skillet and swirl it into sauce by tilting the skillet until butter is melted and incorporated. Add parsley; remove from heat and set aside. Arrange chicken medallions on serving plates and spoon sauce over each portion to serve. MamaLeah

Title: Quick Chicken Piccata
Ingredients: 4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cayenne pepper to taste, salt and ground black pepper to taste, all-purpose flour for dredging, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, ½ cup white wine, ¼ cup fresh lemon juice, ¼ cup water, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut in 1/4-inch slices, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley
Instructions: Place chicken breasts between 2 sheets of heavy plastic on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound chicken breasts with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a 1/2-inch thickness. Season both sides of chicken breasts with cayenne, salt, and black pepper; dredge lightly in flour and shake off any excess. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Place chicken in the pan, reduce heat to medium, and cook until browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side; transfer to a plate. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook capers in reserved oil, smashing them lightly to release brine, until warmed through, about 30 seconds. Pour white wine into the skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Cook until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir lemon juice, water, and butter into the reduced wine mixture; cook and stir continuously to form a thick sauce, about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and stir parsley through the sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Return chicken breasts to the pan and cook until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve with sauce spooned over the top. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Chicken Piccata with Angel Hair Pasta
Ingredients: ⅓ cup all-purpose flour, ¼ teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon paprika, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, pounded thin and cut into 2-inch pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 cup dry white wine, ⅓ cup chicken broth, ¼ cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 (8 ounce) package angel hair pasta, cooked and drained
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk flour, pepper, and paprika together in a shallow dish. Dredge chicken in flour mixture until evenly coated. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic; cook and stir until golden and fragrant, about 1 minute; transfer to a plate. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt 2 tablespoons butter in the same skillet. Add chicken and cook until browned, about 5 minutes per side; transfer to a plate. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour wine into the hot skillet and bring to a boil over high heat, scraping the browned bits from the bottom and sides of the pan with a wooden spoon. Boil until wine is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk in chicken broth, reserved garlic, lemon juice, and capers; cook for 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in parsley and remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce the heat to medium, return chicken to the skillet, and continue cooking until sauce thickens, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook angel hair pasta in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain well. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer chicken pieces to a serving dish and drizzle with a few tablespoons sauce. Add cooked pasta to the skillet and toss to coat with remaining sauce. Portion noodles onto serving plates and top with chicken. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Easy Buffalo Chicken Salad
Ingredients: 2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut in half horizontally, 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, divided, 1/4 cup grapeseed oil, 1/3 cup ranch dressing, 1/3 cup hot sauce, 8 cups torn green leafy lettuce, or as needed, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 1/2 cucumber, sliced, 1/2 cup shredded carrots, 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese, or to taste, your favorite salad dressing
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet. Season chicken with 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning. Heat oil in a cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken to the hot oil, without crowding, and cook, turning once, until no longer pink at the center and juices run clear, about 6 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the center will read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove chicken from pan to a plate to cool, about 10 minutes. Stir ranch dressing, hot sauce, and remaining 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning together in a large bowl. Cut chicken into bite-sized pieces; add to bowl with sauce mixture and toss well. Place chicken on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until just beginning to get crisp, 5 to 10 minutes; remove to cool, about 10 minutes. Combine green leafy lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and carrots in a salad bowl. Add Buffalo chicken and blue cheese crumbles. Serve with your favorite dressing.

Title: Chicken, Avocado and Mango Salad
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons brown sugar, ¼ cup water, ⅓ cup lime juice, ½ cup chili garlic sauce, 4 cups shredded, cooked chicken, 2 medium mangos - peeled, seeded and diced, 2  avocados - peeled, pitted and diced, 1 (10 ounce) package spring lettuce mix
Instructions: In a saucepan over medium-high heat, stir together the brown sugar and water. Bring to a boil, then pour into a medium bowl. Stir in the garlic chili sauce and lime juice. Set the dressing aside. In a large bowl, toss together the chicken, mangos and avocados. Arrange the spring salad mix on serving plates, then top with a few spoonfuls of the chicken mixture. Pour dressing over the top.

Title: Rotisserie Chicken Salad
Ingredients: 1 deli rotisserie chicken, meat removed and shredded, 1  white onion, chopped, 4  hard-boiled eggs, chopped, ½ cup sweet-hot pickle relish, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika, ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes, ½ cup mayonnaise, or to taste, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Combine chicken, onion, eggs, pickle relish, mustard, paprika, and red pepper flakes in a bowl; stir in mayonnaise by spoonfuls until mixture holds together but isn't too moist. Season with salt and pepper. Cook’s Note If you purée the onion, drain off the liquid before adding it to the salad. This method gives a slightly more intense onion flavor.

Title: Chicken Teriyaki
Ingredients: 1 cup low sodium soy sauce, 1/4 cup sake, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1/3 cup brown sugar, or more to taste, 1 tablespoon white sesame seeds, 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 teaspoons canola or peanut oil, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1 1/2 inch pieces, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced, divided, 1 1/2 cups cooked rice
Instructions: Combine soy sauce, sake, rice vinegar, and brown sugar in a bowl and whisk well until sugar is dissolved. Stir in sesame seeds and crushed red pepper and set aside. Heat oils in a large skillet over high heat. Sprinkle salt and pepper evenly over chicken. Add chicken in a single layer to the skillet and cook, undisturbed until chicken is browned and releases easily from the pan, 4 to 6 minutes. Flip chicken pieces, cook 1 more minute and remove from pan; set aside. Reduce heat to medium and add ginger and garlic. Cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Reserve 2 tablespoon of the green onions for garnish and add remaining green onions to the skillet. Cook for 1 minute. Add 1 cup reserved soy sauce mixture to the skillet and stir with a wooden spoon, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the skillet. Bring mixture to a boil and cook until sauce has reduced by about a third or until slightly thickened and glossy. Return chicken to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until sauce is thickened slightly and chicken is coated in the sauce and cooked through. Serve over rice and sprinkled with reserved green onions. Dotdash Meredith Video Studios

Title: Baked Teriyaki Chicken
Ingredients: ½ cup white sugar, ½ cup soy sauce, ¼ cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon cold water, 1 clove garlic, minced, ½ teaspoon ground ginger, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 12  boneless, skinless chicken thighs
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Combine sugar, soy sauce, cider vinegar, cornstarch, cold water, garlic, ginger, and pepper in a small saucepan over low heat. Simmer, stirring frequently, until teriyaki sauce thickens and bubbles, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place chicken thighs in the prepared baking dish. Brush both sides of each thigh with the sauce. Reserve any extra sauce for basting. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Flip chicken and brush with sauce. Continue to bake, basting with remaining sauce every 10 minutes, until no longer pink and juices run clear, 20 to 30 more minutes. Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Chicken Teriyaki Rice Bowls
Ingredients: 1/2 cup low-sodium teriyaki marinade (such as Kikkoman®), 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon chili oil, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast halves, 1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets, 1 red bell pepper, cut into strips, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1 pinch red pepper flakes, 1 pineapple - peeled, cored, and cut into 6 wedges, 2 cups cooked white rice, 1 teaspoon black and white sesame seeds (optional), 1 green onion, thinly sliced (optional)
Instructions: Pour teriyaki marinade, horseradish, and chili oil into a resealable plastic bag. Add chicken, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator, at least 4 hours. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Coat chicken in teriyaki marinade and cook on the prepared grill until no longer pink and juices run clear, 10 to 15 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Meanwhile place broccoli florets and red pepper strips in a large bowl. Drizzle with sesame oil and toss to coat. Add garlic powder, black pepper, salt, and crushed red pepper and toss to coat again. Place broccoli and red pepper strips in a grill basket and grill, turning occasionally, until tender-crisp, about 10 minutes. Grill pineapple until soft and heated through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Slice pineapple and chicken into 1-inch cubes. In 4 separate bowls layer rice, chicken, pineapple, broccoli, and red peppers. Garnish each bowl with sliced green onions and sesame seeds. Drizzle extra teriyaki sauce over each bowl if desired.

Title: Chilaquiles with Homemade Tomato Sauce
Ingredients: 16 (6-inch) corn tortillas, 2 cups oil, or as needed for frying, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 2 cups water, 2 guajillo chiles, stems and seeds removed, 1 white onion, quartered, 3 cloves garlic, 4 ripe tomatoes, quartered, 2 jalapenos, halved, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 (14.5 ounce) can fire-roasted diced tomatoes, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 large eggs, 1/2 cup crumbled queso fresco, 1 avocado, sliced, 1/4 cup crema, sliced radish, hot sauce, chopped cilantro, for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut each tortilla into 8 wedges. Heat oil to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C) in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add tortillas to fry in batches, taking care not to crowd the pot. Cook, stirring constantly until golden and crispy, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from oil with a slotted spoon and drain well on paper towels. Sprinkle with salt to taste immediately. Repeat with remaining tortillas. In a large saucepan, add water and guajillo chiles. Bring mixture to a boil over high heat, reduce temperature, and simmer until chiles soften, about 5 minutes. Return heat to medium-high and add onion, garlic, tomatoes, jalapenos, cumin, and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion has softened, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and carefully pour mixture into a blender or food processor. Add canned tomatoes, vinegar, and olive oil. Remove center from the lid to allow steam to escape and blend until smooth, about 1 minute, scraping down the sides as necessary. In a large skillet over medium heat, add 1 cup of sauce and bring to a simmer, stirring often. Add 1/4 of the chips and cook about 3 minutes, stirring frequently, until the chips are well-coated in sauce and fully heated through. Place chips on a plate. In a separate small skillet, heat 1/2 tablespoon butter over medium heat. Crack an egg into the butter and cook over easy or as desired. Add egg to chips and top with queso fresco, avocado, crema, and any other desired toppings. From the Editor: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Chilaquiles with Spicy Salsa
Ingredients: 2  tomatoes, chopped, 6  dried chile de arbol peppers, 1  onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules, salt to taste, water to cover, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, or to taste, 2 (6-inch) corn tortillas, cut into strips, 4  eggs
Instructions: Combine tomatoes, chile de arbol peppers, onion, garlic, chicken bouillon, and salt in a saucepan; add enough water to cover. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes and peppers soften, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer chile peppers to a blender using a slotted spoon; blend until smooth. Pour in tomato mixture; blend until smooth. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir tortilla strips in the hot oil until crispy, 3 to 5 minutes. Crack in eggs; stir until scrambled and set, about 5 minutes. Strain blended sauce over tortillas and eggs; mix well.

Title: Chilaquiles Rojos
Ingredients: 1 (28 ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, drained, 2  chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, or more to taste, 1 ½ tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large white onion, thinly sliced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 ½ cups chicken broth, 1 dash roasted ground cumin, 1 dash dried oregano, 1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 (16 ounce) package tortilla chips, 1 (8 ounce) package shredded Mexican cheese blend, 5 ounces crumbled cotija cheese, 1  whole cooked chicken, deboned and shredded, ⅔ cup chopped green onions, divided, 1 cup chopped cilantro, divided, 1 (8 ounce) carton sour cream, divided
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 10x15-inch casserole dish. Combine drained tomatoes and chipotle chiles in adobo in a blender; puree until smooth. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until onion has softened, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in garlic until fragrant; add pureed tomato-chile sauce and simmer until mixture starts to thicken. Pour in chicken broth and stir in cumin, oregano, and salt; let simmer until mixture thickens. Remove from heat. Mix tortilla chips and tomato-chile sauce, folding carefully to cover chips completely. You may have to do this in 2 batches. Cover the bottom of the casserole dish with half of the tortilla chip mixture. Sprinkle a layer of Mexican cheese and cotija cheese on top. Add shredded chicken to cover all of the cheese. Season chicken with salt and pepper, then sprinkle with 1/2 of the green onions and 1/2 of the cilantro. Spoon 3/4 of the sour cream evenly over top. Spread with the remaining tortilla mixture then top with remaining Mexican and cotija cheeses. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until mixture is bubbly and cheese is melted, 35 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let sit for 5 minutes. Serve with sour cream, green onions, and cilantro.

Title: Authentic Mexican Chile Rellenos
Ingredients: 6  fresh Anaheim chile peppers, 1 (8 ounce) package queso asadero (white Mexican cheese), cut into 3/4-inch thick strips, 2 large eggs, separated, 1 teaspoon baking powder, ¾ cup all-purpose flour, 1 cup vegetable shortening for frying
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven broiler; set the oven rack about 6 inches below the heat source. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place peppers onto the prepared baking sheet and broil until skins are blackened and blistered, about 10 minutes. Use tongs to rotate peppers often to char all sides. Place blackened peppers into a bowl and tightly seal with plastic wrap. Allow peppers to steam as they cool, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove skin from peppers, then cut a slit down the long side of each one to remove seeds and core. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Rinse peppers inside and our and pat dry with paper towels. Stuff peppers with strips of cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk egg yolks and baking powder in a bowl until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat egg whites with an electric mixer in a separate bowl until stiff peaks form. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently fold beaten whites into the yolk mixture. Place flour into a separate shallow bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt vegetable shortening in a skillet over medium heat. Roll each stuffed pepper in flour, tap off excess flour, and dip into the egg mixture to coat both sides. Gently lay coated peppers into the hot shortening. Fry peppers until lightly golden brown and cheese has melted, about 5 minutes per side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the flour for breading. The actual amount of the breading consumed will vary. More About This Recipe: This restaurant-worthy chile relleno recipe is easy, cheesy, and full of Mexican flavor. What Is a Chile Relleno? Chile relleno is a Mexican dish that means “stuffed chile.” A chile pepper (such as a poblano or an Anaheim) is broiled, then stuffed with cheese and fried to golden and crispy perfection. Chile rellenos are served alone or topped with a tomato sauce. How to Make Chile Rellenos You’ll find the full, step-by-step recipe above — but here’s a brief overview of what you can expect when you make this chile relleno recipe: Broil the peppers until charred, then steam them in a covered bowl until cooled. Remove the skins, seeds, and cores. Rinse and pat dry. Stuff peppers with strips of cheese. Whisk egg yolks and baking powder, then beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the beaten whites into the yolk mixture. Roll each pepper in flour, then dip them into the egg mixture. Fry in vegetable shortening until golden and crispy. What to Serve With Chile Rellenos Explore our entire collection of Mexican Side Dishes for delicious serving inspiration. Here are a few of the top-rated recipes you’ll find: Mexican Rice Quick and Easy Refried Beans Elote How to Store Chile Rellenos Store leftover fried chile rellenos in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to three days. Reheat on a baking sheet in the oven. Can You Freeze Chile Rellenos? You can freeze chile rellenos for up to two months. Thaw in the refrigerator overnight, then reheat in the oven. Allrecipes Community Tips and Praise “Absolute best chile relleno recipe,” raves Cindy M. Thomason . “The rellenos came out nice and fluffy.” “This is my go-to recipe since the first time I made them,” says Vicki Page . “Delicious, easy, and authentic. I don’t change anything, usually. I may put some taco seasonings in the flour on occasion, and a spicy tomato sauce on top.” “Awesome,” according to Leslie Tau-Holzhausen . “I never made them before and they came out perfect. I used poblanos because that’s what I had on hand. I charred them over an open flame on the stove and followed the rest of the recipe as indicated. This is a no-fail recipe.” Editorial contributions by Corey Williams

Title: Chili Rellenos Casserole
Ingredients: cooking spray, 2 (7 ounce) cans whole green chile peppers, drained, 8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 8 ounces Longhorn or Cheddar cheese, shredded, 2 large eggs, 1 (5 ounce) can evaporated milk, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, ½ cup milk (Optional), 1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Evenly layer 1 can chile peppers in the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle with 1/2 of the Jack and Cheddar cheeses, then cover with remaining chile peppers. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix together eggs, evaporated milk, and flour in a bowl; add 1/2 cup milk to thin to desired consistency. Pour over chiles. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Pour tomato sauce evenly over the top; continue baking for 15 more minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn broiler on. Sprinkle top with remaining Jack and Cheddar cheeses. Place under the broiler until cheese is melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip You can use enchilada sauce in place of tomato sauce.

Title: Chiles Rellenos
Ingredients: 12  Anaheim chile peppers, charred and peeled, 1 pound Cheddar cheese, cut into 12 strips, 1 cup milk, 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1  egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon canola oil, oil for frying
Instructions: Remove seeds and membranes from chile peppers. Stuff each pepper with a strip of Cheddar. Mix milk, 1 cup flour, egg, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and 1 teaspoon canola oil together in a small bowl until well combined. Place remaining 1/2 cup flour on a shallow plate. Pour 1 inch oil into a heavy frying pan. Heat over medium-high heat. Roll each pepper in flour, then dip in batter. Fry in batches until lightly browned on both sides. Recipe Tip Use canned green chiles or char fresh green chiles over a flame, then peel them. Remove the seeds and membranes.

Title: Red Lentil Chili
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2  carrots, chopped, 1 zucchini, cut into bite-sized pieces, 1 onion, chopped, 1 poblano pepper, chopped, 3 tablespoons chili powder, divided, 3 tablespoons cumin, divided, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 fresh jalapeño pepper, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes with juice, 2 cups vegetable broth, 1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 1 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup red lentils, rinsed and drained
Instructions: Heat oil over medium heat in a Dutch oven. Add carrots, zucchini, onion, poblano pepper, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon cumin, and smoked paprika. Cook until onion is soft and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove zucchini from Dutch oven and set aside. Add garlic and jalapeño pepper to the vegetable mixture and stir to combine. Add tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chili powder, and 1 tablespoon cumin; stir for 2 to 3 minutes. Add diced tomatoes and vegetable broth, and bring to a boil. Once liquid boils, stir in kidney beans, black beans, and red lentils. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, leaving lid ajar, and simmer for 15 minutes. Season with remaining chili powder and cumin to taste. Return zucchini to the pot and reduce heat to low. Cover and allow flavors to blend for about 20 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning if needed.

Title: Frito Pie
Ingredients: 1/2 pound ground beef, 1/4 cup water, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chili powder, or to taste, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 teaspoon onion powder, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/4 cup chili beans, 1/4 cup diced onion, or as needed, 1/4 cup sliced jalapeno, or to taste, 1 cup sharp Cheddar cheese, or as needed, 1 (9.25 ounce) bag corn chips, such as Fritos® Scoops!®
Instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Stir in water, tomato paste, chili powder, cumin, onion powder, and garlic powder. Stir in beans; cook until heated through, about 3 minutes. Divide corn chips into 4 bowls, top with the chili mix, then sprinkle with diced onions, jalapeño slices, and Cheddar cheese. Serve immediately.

Title: Lazy Hazy Beef Chili
Ingredients: 2 pounds ground beef, 2 tablespoons chili powder, or to taste, 1/4 teaspoon ground chipotle, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 ounces hazy IPA beer, 2 teaspoons white sugar, 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 (14.5 ounce) can diced fire-roasted tomatoes with green chilies, 2 (16 ounce jars) extra chunky salsa, 2 (15 ounce) cans pinto beans, drained, 1/2 cup sour cream, 1/2 cup sliced green onions, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 1/2 cup chopped cilantro
Instructions: Add beef to a dry cold pot, and turn heat to high. When beef begins to sizzle, break up into small pieces with a potato masher or spatula. Meat can be broken up into very fine crumbles, or into larger chunks, depending on the desired texture. Continue to cook and break up beef until no longer pink, about 7 minutes. Add chili powder, chipotle, black pepper, salt, and cinnamon to the pot. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute, then pour in beer. Stir, scraping the browned bits from the bottom of the pot as you do. Let mixture boil until liquid is reduced by about half, 2 to 3 minutes. Add sugar, oregano, garlic powder, diced tomatoes and jarred salsa. Stir in; return mixture to a simmer. Stir in beans, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook, stirring occasionally, until chili is thickened and flavor is developed to your liking, about 1 hour. Taste, adjust the seasoning. Top with sour cream, green onions, Cheddar cheese, and cilantro as desired. Chef John

Title: Veggie Lo Mein
Ingredients: 1/3 cup low-sodium soy sauce, 1 1/2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon Sriracha, or to taste, 8 ounces whole-grain spaghetti (such as Barilla®) or lo mein noodles, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 ounces Baby Bella mushrooms, sliced, 2 cups snow peas, halved, 1 large red bell pepper, cored and sliced, 1 carrot, peeled and cut into matchsticks, 1 small onion, peeled and sliced vertically, 2 cloves garlic, minced
Instructions: Whisk soy sauce, hoisin sauce, sesame oil, brown sugar, and Sriracha together in a small bowl until well blended; set aside. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add pasta, stirring occasionally; cook until nearly tender with a bite, 7 to 8 minutes, and drain well. Meanwhile, heat vegetable oil over medium-high heat in a large skillet or wok. Add mushrooms, snow peas, red bell pepper, carrot, onion, and garlic. Cook, stirring frequently, until just tender, 4 to 6 minutes. Add spaghetti and sauce to the skillet and toss with the veggies until well coated. Simmer for 2 minutes to allow pasta to soak up the flavor, and serve. Cook’s Note Lo mein noodles may be difficult to find, but if they’re available, use them. Baby Bella mushrooms are also known as cremini mushrooms in some areas.

Title: Lazy Wonton Soup
Ingredients: 2 quarts chicken stock or broth, 1 bunch green onions, divided, 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced, 1 (3-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled, or 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, plus more to taste, 1 1/2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1 pound ground pork, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 3 heads baby bok choy, roughly chopped (about 3 cups), 20 wonton wrappers, cut into quarters, Sriracha hot sauce or chili crunch (optional)
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place chicken stock in a large saucepan or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Cut white parts of green onions into 1-inch pieces and add to broth. Add garlic clove. Thinly slice 1 inch ginger (or 1 teaspoon ground) and add to stock. Add 1 tablespoon soy sauce, vinegar, brown sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Bring mixture to a boil, stirring occasionally. Place pork in a bowl. Finely slice remaining green parts of green onions. Set aside 3 tablespoons for garnish. Add remaining onions to the bowl; grate in remaining 2-inch piece of ginger. Add remaining soy sauce, remaining salt, sesame oil, and cornstarch to the bowl; mix until well combined. Form mixture into 1-inch balls and add to broth. Alternatively, use a small spoon to drop heaping teaspoons full of meat into broth. Reduce heat to a simmer; cook 5 minutes. Add wonton wrappers, bok choy, and additional soy sauce to taste. Cook 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Serve with reserved green onions and hot sauce or chili crisp if desired.

Title: Sesame Chicken with Broccoli
Ingredients: 1 1/2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast, cut into 1-inch pieces, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 1/4 teaspoon white pepper, or to taste, 2 teaspoons minced fresh garlic, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon cooking oil of choice, divided, 1/3 cup soy sauce, 1/3 cup hoisin sauce, 1/3 cup rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon sambal oelek, or to taste, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1/2 cup carrots, cut into matchsticks, 1/2 cup sliced shallots, 4 cups fresh broccoli florets, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, or to taste
Instructions: Place chicken pieces in a bowl. Sprinkle with cornstarch, salt, and white pepper. Toss chicken to coat evenly and set aside. Heat 1 teaspoon cooking oil in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and ginger and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in soy sauce, hoisin sauce, rice vinegar, sambal oelek, and sesame oil. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons oil over medium-high heat in a large nonstick skillet or wok until very hot. Add chicken pieces carefully to the hot oil. Cook, stirring, until chicken pieces are lightly browned on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes total. The chicken pieces will cause spattering, so be sure to use a long-handled spoon or other utensil to move the chicken around. Using a slotted spoon, remove chicken from the skillet and add the remaining 2 tablespoons cooking oil. Add carrots, shallots, and broccoli, and stir quickly and continually, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in prepared sauce, and cook until the vegetables are as tender as you like, 2 to 3 minutes. Place cornstarch in a small bowl and stir in 1 tablespoon soy sauce. Keep stirring until there are no lumps. Add cornstarch slurry to the skillet and rapidly stir until well combined. Return chicken pieces and cook, stirring often, until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat, sprinkle with sesame seeds, and serve hot.

Title: Chocolate Cherry Cheesecake
Ingredients: 24 whole chocolate sandwich cookies (such as OREO), 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 pinches salt, divided, or to taste, 4 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, divided, 1 (21 ounce) can cherry pie filling, divided, 1 cup chocolate chips
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place whole sandwich cookies In a food processor or high speed blender; pulse several times, until crumbs are quite small. Combine crumbs, melted butter, and 1 pinch salt. Stir until well blended, breaking up any missed large cookie pieces. Press crumb mixture on the bottom and about 1 inch up the sides of a 10-inch springform pan. Beat cream cheese in a bowl with an electric mixer and beat on medium speed until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in 1 egg at a time, making sure each egg is well incorporated before adding the next. Scrape down sides of the bowl as needed. Add almond extract and sugar to cream cheese mixture; beat until smooth, about 1 minute. Add 1/2 cup heavy cream, blending well. Carefully pour about half the batter into the prepared pan. Spoon 1 cup pie filling over the batter in the pan, distributing evenly. Spoon remaining batter in a smooth layer on top of pie filling. Place filled springform on a cookie sheet. Bake in the center of the preheated oven until the center of the cheesecake is set, about 1 hour and 5 minutes. Cool in the pan on a wire rack, about 1 hour. For glaze, heat remaining 1/2 cup heavy cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until it begins to steam. Remove from heat; add chocolate chips and pinch salt. Stir until chocolate is completely melted and smooth. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Place cheesecake on the lined cookie sheet and release the side of the springform pan. Pour chocolate glaze on top of the cooled cheesecake, allowing some of the glaze to drizzle down the side. Refrigerate until completely chilled, at least 3 hours or overnight. To serve, slice into 16 slices. Top each slice with a bit of remaining pie filling.

Title: Chocolate Swiss Roll
Ingredients: cooking spray, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, ¼ cup cocoa powder, plus more for dusting, ¼ teaspoon salt, ⅛ teaspoon baking soda, 3 large eggs, ¼ cup white sugar, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 ½ tablespoons melted butter, ¾ cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons powdered sugar, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, ⅛ cup chocolate-hazelnut spread (such as Nutella)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray a jelly roll or rimmed sheet pan with cooking spray and line with parchment paper. Make cake: Sift flour, cocoa powder, salt, and baking soda together in a medium bowl. Beat eggs and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until tripled in volume, about 5 minutes. Mix in vanilla. Beat in flour mixture on low speed in thirds, alternating with melted butter, until just combined. Pour into the prepared pan (the thickness should be less than 1/4 inch). Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 8 to 9 minutes. Allow to cool completely. Flip cake upside-down out of the pan onto a new sheet of parchment paper. Remove the used parchment paper gently from the top of cake. Roll cake, starting at one end of the paper, into a tube until it is completely rolled into the parchment. Refrigerate for 2 hours. Make filling: Whip cream, powdered sugar, and vanilla together in a bowl with an electric mixer until medium peaks form. Mix in chocolate-hazelnut spread until well combined. Unroll cake and spread evenly with filling. Roll up cake with filling, keeping in mind that cake might crack or tear easily. Dust with cocoa powder if you like. Tips If you have leftover filling, add it to the cut slices of cake when serving. You can use a bread knife to cut the cake to make sure it won't squeeze while cutting.

Title: Potato Chip Cookies
Ingredients: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup very soft unsalted butter (2 sticks), 1 cup white sugar, 1/2 cup light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups lightly crushed potato chips, 1 cup dark chocolate chips
Instructions: Whisk flour, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl; set aside. Beat butter, white sugar, and brown sugar together with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add egg and mix until fully incorporated and the mixture is smooth. Add milk and vanilla and repeat. Stir potato chips and chocolate chips in with a spatula until just combined. Add flour mixture; continue mixing in with a spatula until flour disappears and dough comes together. Wrap and chill dough for about 30 minutes, or until ready to bake. Dough can be used immediately if desired. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line baking sheets with parchment. Scoop dough by rounded tablespoons onto the prepared baking sheet. Space evenly, as dough will spread when baked. Bake in the preheated oven until outside edges of cookies are lightly browned, about 12 minutes. Cool on the pan for about 5 minutes, before removing cookies to a wire rack to cool completely. For best results, let cool completely before serving. Chef John

Title: Air Fryer Pizookie
Ingredients: 5 pieces pre-cut refrigerated chocolate chip cookie dough (such as Pillsbury™ Ready to Bake!™ Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough), 1 scoop vanilla gelato (optional), 2 tablespoons whipped cream, or as needed (optional), 1 ounce chocolate, melted, to drizzle (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the air fryer to 360 degrees F (175 degrees C). Get a large piece of aluminum foil and fold it into an 8x8-inch square. You can make a little dish out of the foil by folding the edges upward. Place 1 piece of cookie dough in the middle of your foil. Arrange remaining cookie dough pieces around it in a pattern similar to the 5-side of a die. Bake cookie in the air fryer for 6 minutes. Open the air fryer and gently push down the top of the cookie; continue to bake until deep golden brown, 2 to 4 minutes more. Add gelato, whipped cream, and a drizzle of melted chocolate, and enjoy! Cook’s Note The middle of the cookie does not need to be fully baked, if you prefer, because the pre-made cookie dough does not have to be fully cooked to be consumable. The cookie may need time to firm up after baking. And make sure to be careful when removing the foil from the air fryer.

Title: Malted Milk Funfetti Bars
Ingredients: 4 ounces full fat cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, 3/4 cup malted milk powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon baking soda, 3/4 cup white chocolate chips, 1/3 cup rainbow jimmie sprinkles
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line an 8x8-inch square pan with enough parchment paper to have overhang on all sides. In a large bowl, beat cream cheese, brown sugar, and melted butter until smooth. Add in egg, vanilla, and almond extract; mix until thoroughly combined. Add in flour, malted milk powder, salt, and baking soda and mix until just incorporated. Fold in white chocolate chips and sprinkles. Spread batter evenly into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until bars are golden and just set, 25 to 30 minutes. Allow bars to cool completely in he pan before removing using parchment overhang. Cut into 16 bars. Cook’s Note These bars are meant to be gooey in the center. Take care not to overbake them, or the edges may become too hard.

Title: Fudge
Ingredients: 3 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, ¼ cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup chopped walnuts (Optional)
Instructions: Combine chocolate chips, condensed milk, and butter in large microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on medium heat until chips are melted, 3 to 5 minutes, stirring once or twice during the cooking. Meanwhile, generously grease an 8-inch square glass baking dish. Remove chocolate mixture from the microwave and stir in nuts. Pour into the prepared dish. Refrigerate until fudge is set, about 2 hours. Cut into 16 squares. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: The Original Fantasy Fudge
Ingredients: 3 cups white sugar, ¾ cup margarine, ⅔ cup evaporated milk, 1 (12 ounce) bag semisweet chocolate chips, 1 (7 ounce) jar marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Grease a 9x13-inch pan. Mix sugar, margarine, and evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil and cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and add chocolate chips; stir until chocolate chips are melted and mixture is thoroughly combined. Stir in marshmallow creme until incorporated. Mix in walnuts and vanilla. Transfer fudge to the prepared pan and use an offset spatula to spread out and flatten. Let cool for at least 1 hour before cutting into squares.

Title: Boardwalk Quality Maple Walnut Fudge
Ingredients: 3 cups white chocolate chips, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, ¼ cup butter, 1 teaspoon maple flavored extract, 1 ½ cups broken walnuts
Instructions: Grease an 8x8-inch glass baking dish, and line with an 8x12-inch sheet of parchment paper. The ends will hang over the side of the dish. Melt white chocolate, sweetened condensed milk, and butter in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in 30-second intervals, stirring after each melting, for 1 to 3 minutes (depending on your microwave). Do not overheat or chocolate will scorch. Stir in maple flavored extract until just combined, then add walnuts. Pour fudge mixture into the prepared baking dish; refrigerate until set, about 1 hour. Remove fudge by lifting the parchment paper, then cut into squares. Recipe Tip As all microwaves differ, the cooking time may vary. It's best to melt the white chocolate mixture on medium power.

Title: Leftover Corn Chowder
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon butter, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 1/2 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, minced, 1 (16 ounce) bag frozen corn, 4 cups chicken stock, 3/4 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 1/2 cups leftover cooked chicken or other protein, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro or other garnish
Instructions: Heat butter in a soup pot over low heat until melted. Increase heat to medium-low, add onion and salt, and cook and stir until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in bacon, red pepper, celery, and garlic; cook and stir until bacon is crisp, about 5 minutes. Add chipotle peppers, corn, and chicken stock to soup pot; increase heat to medium and simmer for 20 minutes. Stir in cream and chicken. Cook until hot, about 5 minutes. Serve in bowls and garnish with cilantro. Cook’s Note To customize this recipe, in Step 4, add any leftover protein, such as steak, pork chop, carnitas, ground turkey, tofu, beans, or chickpeas. Add leftover cooked starch, such as baked potato, rice, or pasta. Chop and add any leftover cooked vegetables, such as asparagus, broccoli, tomatoes, carrots, or zucchini. Choose seasonings such as oregano, paprika, white pepper, cumin, or bay leaf. Finally, serve in bowls, garnished with what is in the fridge or pantry, such as parsley, sunflower seeds, pine nuts, sour cream, or shredded cheese. Have fun!

Title: Beer Cheese Corn Chowder
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 1 ¼ cups shredded white Cheddar cheese, ¼ cup butter, ½ cup finely chopped onion, ½ cup finely chopped red bell pepper, ¼ cup thinly sliced green onions, 2 cloves garlic, minced, ½ cup flour, ½ teaspoon dry mustard, 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth, 1 (12 ounce) bottle beer, preferably lager, 1 ½ cups heavy cream, 2 cups frozen corn kernels, 2 cups frozen diced hash brown potatoes, 6 slices crisp cooked bacon, crumbled, ⅓ cup grated Parmesan cheese, ½ teaspoon hot pepper sauce
Instructions: Allow sharp and white Cheddar cheeses to stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in a 4-quart Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onion, bell pepper, green onion, and garlic. Cook mixture, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in flour and dry mustard. Cook for 1 minute (mixture will be thick). Add broth all at once. Cook and stir until bubbly. Add beer and cream. Stir in corn and potatoes. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Gradually add sharp and white Cheddar cheeses, stirring after each addition until cheeses are melted. Stir in bacon, Parmesan, and hot pepper sauce. Heat through. Remove from heat and let stand 10 minutes before serving. If you like, top with additional green onion and bacon. Serve with additional hot pepper sauce.

Title: My Best Clam Chowder
Ingredients: 2 cups cubed potatoes, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced celery, 1 cup minced onion, 3 (6.5 ounce) cans minced clams, drained with juice reserved, water to cover, ¾ cup butter, ¾ cup all-purpose flour, 1 quart half-and-half cream, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Place potatoes, carrots, celery, and onion into a large skillet; pour in clam juice and add enough water to cover. Cook and stir over medium-low heat until vegetables are tender. Meanwhile, melt butter in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in flour until smooth. Whisk in cream and stir constantly until thick and smooth. Stir in vegetable mixture with any juices until just heated through. Stir in clams just before serving. If they cook too much they get tough. When clams are heated through, stir in vinegar and season with salt and pepper. My Best Clam Chowder.

Title: Orange Cinnamon Rolls
Ingredients: ¾ cup warm whole milk (110 degrees F (43 degrees C)), 1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast, 1 large egg, room temperature, 1 large egg yolk, room temperature, ½ cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 ½ teaspoons freshly grated orange zest, ¼ cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 ½ cups all-purpose flour, divided, or more as needed, 1 ½ teaspoons kosher salt, cooking spray, ½ cup unsalted butter, softened, ½ cup light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 ½ teaspoons freshly grated orange zest, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed orange juice, ¼ teaspoon kosher salt
Instructions: Pour warmed milk into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment for the dough. Sprinkle yeast evenly over the surface of the milk. Let stand until foamy, 5 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add egg and egg yolk, butter, honey, orange zest, and orange juice to the yeast mixture. Beat on low until combined, about 45 seconds. Add 2 cups flour; beat on low until a wet dough forms, about 1 minute. Turn off mixer; switch to the dough hook attachment. Add 1 ½ cups flour and salt, beat on medium until dough is soft and elastic, 7 to 10 minutes. If necessary, add an additional ½ cup flour, tablespoon by tablespoon, using as little as possible to achieve a soft dough. The dough should be quite sticky. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gather dough into a ball and transfer to a large greased bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside to rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the filling: Combine butter, brown sugar, cinnamon, and orange zest in a bowl. Mix with a spatula until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Grease a 13x9-inch baking dish; set aside. Punch down the dough and transfer to a well-floured surface. Roll dough into a large 10x18-inch rectangle. Spread the filling over the surface of the dough, leaving a ½ inch border along the top long edge. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll the dough away from you to create a log, and pinch seam to seal. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut dough log into 12 equal rolls (about 1 ½ inches wide). Transfer rolls to prepared baking dish. Loosely cover with plastic wrap, and set aside to rise at room temperature until puffy and almost doubled in size, 30 to 45 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake rolls in the preheated oven until golden brown, 22 to 25 minutes. While rolls are baking, prepare the frosting. Combine cream cheese, powdered sugar, orange zest, orange zest, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat at medium-high speed until very smooth and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove rolls from oven and transfer to a wire rack. Let cool 2 minutes, then spread frosting evenly over the rolls. Serve warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Homemade Vegan Cheese with Cranberries
Ingredients: 2 cups chopped raw cashews, water to cover, 1 tablespoon nutritional yeast (Optional), 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon miso paste, ½ teaspoon vegetable oil, ½ teaspoon salt, or to taste, 3 tablespoons finely chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon finely chopped hazelnuts, 1 tablespoon finely chopped dried cranberries, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary
Instructions: Cover cashews with cold water in a bowl and soak for 4 hours. Drain. Combine cashews, nutritional yeast, vinegar, miso paste, and salt in the bowl of a food processor; pulse until blended. Taste and adjust seasonings according to your taste. Grease a piece of parchment paper with oil. Transfer cashew mixture onto parchment paper and form into a roll, twisting the ends of the paper to secure. Refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours. Mix walnuts, hazelnuts, cranberries, and rosemary on a plate. Remove cheese log from fridge and paper and roll in the nut mixture. Recipe Tip If you are pressed for time you can soak the cashews in boiling water for 1 hour.

Title: Pomegranate Mimosa
Ingredients: 2 fluid ounces pomegranate juice, 1/4 fluid ounce orange flavored liqueur, such as triple sec, 4 fluid ounces chilled brut Champagne or sparkling wine
Instructions: In a champagne flute, combine pomegranate juice and orange liqueur. Top with champagne and serve.

Title: Ritz Cracker Cookies
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) jar peanut butter, 1 (16 ounce) package buttery round crackers, 1 pound semisweet chocolate, chopped
Instructions: Spread 1 teaspoon peanut butter on a cracker and top with another cracker. Place chocolate in top of double boiler; stir frequently over medium heat until melted. Place cracker sandwiches onto a fork and dip into the chocolate. Drain excess chocolate and cool on waxed paper. Store in refrigerator or cover and freeze until ready to serve. Cook’s Note Use any kind of melted chocolate you prefer and decorate with colored sprinkles.

Title: Spritz Cookies
Ingredients: 1 1/2 cups salted butter, softened, 1 cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons colored sugar, nonpareils, or sprinkles, or as needed (optional), powdered sugar icing (optional), 1 1/2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studio Beat butter with an electric mixer in a large bowl for 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio Add sugar, baking powder, and salt. Beat until combined, scraping sides of bowl occasionally. Beat in egg, vanilla, and almond extract until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio Beat in as much of the flour as you can using the mixer. Stir in any remaining flour with a wooden spoon Dotdash Meredith Food Studio Force room-temperature dough through a cookie press onto ungreased cookie sheets. If desired, sprinkle cookies with colored sugar or nonpareils. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until edges are firm but not brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to wire racks to cool completely. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio For powdered sugar icing, combine powdered sugar, milk, and vanilla in a small bowl. If necessary, add more milk, 1 teaspoon at a time, to make icing drizzling consistency. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio If desired, drizzle cooled cookies with powdered sugar icing and decorate with sprinkles. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio

Title: Gingerbear Thumbprint Cookies
Ingredients: 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1/3 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1/3 cup white sugar, plus more for rolling, 1/3 cup unsulphured molasses, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice, 4 ounces white chocolate, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1/2 teaspoon unsulphured molasses, 1 pinch ground ginger, 1 pinch ground cinnamon, 1 pinch ground nutmeg, 1 pinch salt, 2 tablespoons black melting candy coating, such as Wilton Candy Melts®,  or as needed
Instructions: Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper. In a large bowl, cream together butter, brown sugar, and 1/3 cup white sugar until light and fluffy. Add in the 1/3 cup molasses, egg, and vanilla and mix until smooth. Add in flour, ginger, cinnamon, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, baking soda, cloves, and allspice and mix on low speed until just combined. Pour about 1/3 cup white sugar into a separate small bowl. Scoop out 1 tablespoon of dough and roll into a ball (dough will be a little sticky, but should still roll into a ball. If the dough is too sticky, refrigerate until it is easier to handle). Roll dough ball in the sugar to coat; place on the prepared baking sheet. Scoop out 2 separate 1/2-teaspoons of dough and roll each into a ball, then coat each in sugar. Place one of these smaller balls of dough on each side of the upper portion of the 1-tablespoon-sized ball of dough to form the bears' ears. (These “ears” will not stick to the larger ball of dough, but they do need to be touching it.) Repeat this process with the remaining dough, placing the "bears" about 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Place the baking sheets into the refrigerator for 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Bake cookies, one baking sheet at a time, until cookies look just set, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven, and immediately use the back of a rounded 1/2 teaspoon measuring spoon to carefully indent the middle of each cookie, making sure not to go all the way through. Allow cookies to cool for 5 minutes on the pan before carefully removing to a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat this process with the remaining cookies. To make the filling, place white chocolate, heavy cream, 1/2 teaspoon molasses, pinch of ginger, pinch of cinnamon, pinch of nutmeg, and pinch of salt into a small microwave-safe bowl. Heat on 50% power for 30 seconds at a time (stirring after each 30 seconds), until chocolate has melted and filling is smooth. Carefully spoon about a 1/2 teaspoon of the filling into each cookie’s indentation. Allow filling to set up until soft set, about 15 minutes. Place black Candy Melts into a small microwave-safe bowl, and microwave according to package directions. Pour melted Candy Melts into a piping bag, and snip a small hole in the end of it. Pipe on the bears' eyes and noses; reheating the Candy Melts as necessary. Allow the eyes and noses to set before serving.

Title: Orange Cinnamon Rolls
Ingredients: ¾ cup warm whole milk (110 degrees F (43 degrees C)), 1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast, 1 large egg, room temperature, 1 large egg yolk, room temperature, ½ cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 ½ teaspoons freshly grated orange zest, ¼ cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 ½ cups all-purpose flour, divided, or more as needed, 1 ½ teaspoons kosher salt, cooking spray, ½ cup unsalted butter, softened, ½ cup light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 ½ teaspoons freshly grated orange zest, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed orange juice, ¼ teaspoon kosher salt
Instructions: Pour warmed milk into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment for the dough. Sprinkle yeast evenly over the surface of the milk. Let stand until foamy, 5 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add egg and egg yolk, butter, honey, orange zest, and orange juice to the yeast mixture. Beat on low until combined, about 45 seconds. Add 2 cups flour; beat on low until a wet dough forms, about 1 minute. Turn off mixer; switch to the dough hook attachment. Add 1 ½ cups flour and salt, beat on medium until dough is soft and elastic, 7 to 10 minutes. If necessary, add an additional ½ cup flour, tablespoon by tablespoon, using as little as possible to achieve a soft dough. The dough should be quite sticky. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gather dough into a ball and transfer to a large greased bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside to rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the filling: Combine butter, brown sugar, cinnamon, and orange zest in a bowl. Mix with a spatula until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Grease a 13x9-inch baking dish; set aside. Punch down the dough and transfer to a well-floured surface. Roll dough into a large 10x18-inch rectangle. Spread the filling over the surface of the dough, leaving a ½ inch border along the top long edge. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll the dough away from you to create a log, and pinch seam to seal. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut dough log into 12 equal rolls (about 1 ½ inches wide). Transfer rolls to prepared baking dish. Loosely cover with plastic wrap, and set aside to rise at room temperature until puffy and almost doubled in size, 30 to 45 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake rolls in the preheated oven until golden brown, 22 to 25 minutes. While rolls are baking, prepare the frosting. Combine cream cheese, powdered sugar, orange zest, orange zest, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat at medium-high speed until very smooth and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove rolls from oven and transfer to a wire rack. Let cool 2 minutes, then spread frosting evenly over the rolls. Serve warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chili-Bacon Cinnamon Rolls
Ingredients: 1 (17.5-ounce) package refrigerated cinnamon rolls with icing (5 rolls), 1 teaspoon chili powder, 10 slices bacon
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch round cake pan. Unroll cinnamon roll dough. Sprinkle evenly with chili powder, then separate along perforations into 5 portions. Cook bacon in a very large skillet until just starting to crisp, about 7 minutes. While bacon is still warm, lay 2 slices on each dough portion; roll up. Arrange in the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until browned and tops appear dry, about 25 minutes. Frost with icing. Add desired toppers (if using). Serve warm. Toppers: Spicy maple syrup : Bring 1/2 cup pure maple syrup and a pinch of crushed red pepper to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce heat; simmer, stirring occasionally, until reduced slightly, 3 to 5 minutes. Drizzle over frosted rolls. Candied nuts : Up the sweet factor with sugar-coated walnuts . Halve the recipe (or make a full batch and freeze leftovers up to 3 months). Sprinkle candied nuts over frosted rolls. Kettle-cooked potato chips : Gently crush crispy kettle chips—we recommend barbecue flavor—and sprinkle over frosted rolls.

Title: Air Fryer Cinnamon Roll Bites
Ingredients: 1 (12.4 ounce) can refrigerated cinnamon rolls (such as Pillsbury™), 1/4 cup white sugar, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 3/4 cup confectioner's sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange peel, 1 tablespoon orange juice, icing from the cinnamon roll package
Instructions: Preheat an air fryer to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) according to manufacturer’s instructions. Add sugar and cinnamon to a large resealable plastic bag, and shake to combine. Remove the 8 cinnamon rolls from the can, and set icing aside. Cut each roll into 4 equal pieces for a total of 32 bites. Line the fryer basket with parchment paper. Place the bites in a single layer in the bottom of the basket, cook for 3 minutes, turn over using tongs, and cook until golden brown, another 2 to 3 minutes. Depending on the brand and size of your air fryer, you may have to cook in batches, and your timing may vary, so watch closely. Meanwhile, prepare the dip. Add cream cheese, confectioner’s sugar, orange zest, orange juice, and the packaged icing to a small bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until you reach a dipping consistency, about 1 minute. Drop the warm pieces into the sugar-cinnamon mixture, and shake. Transfer to a plate or basket, and serve with the dip. Cook’s Note These may be baked in the oven at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C), no turning necessary, about 10 minutes. If you prefer, dip can be warmed in the microwave, about 6 seconds. Any leftover dip or cinnamon sugar can be used the next morning on toast, biscuits, or an English muffin. From the Editor: Nutrition for this recipe includes the full amount of dip and cinnamon sugar ingredients. The actual amount consumed will vary.

Title: 4-Ingredient Slow Cooker Peach Cobbler
Ingredients: 8 cups sliced fresh or frozen peaches, thawed, ½ cup white sugar, cooking spray, 1 (15.25 ounce) package white cake mix, ½ cup butter, cut into 8 pieces
Instructions: Combine peaches and sugar in a medium bowl. Stir well and let stand for 5 minutes. Liberally spray a slow cooker with cooking spray. Stir peaches once more and add to the prepared slow cooker. Sprinkle cake mix evenly over the peaches; don't stir. Distribute butter pieces evenly over cake mix. Cover and cook on High until cake is golden and bubbly around the edges, about 3½ hours. Turn off slow cooker and let stand 15 minutes before serving. Ramona Cruz-Peters

Title: One Bowl Blackberry Cobbler
Ingredients: 4 cups fresh or frozen blackberries, 1 cup white sugar, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 large egg, 6 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray an 8x8-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Evenly distribute blackberries in the dish; set aside. Combine sugar, flour, egg, butter and vanilla in a bowl and stir until well combined. Drop by spoonfuls over fruit and spread with a spatula. Bake in the preheated oven until fruit is bubbly, 38 to 43 minutes. Optional: Heat an air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place cobbler in the air fryer until topping is crunchy, about 5 minutes.

Title: Fresh Strawberry Cobbler
Ingredients: ½ cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 cup water or 1/2 cup for a thicker filling, 3 cups strawberries, hulled, 2 tablespoons butter, diced, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1 ½ teaspoons baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons butter, ½ cup heavy whipping cream
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Grease a 2-quart baking dish. Combine sugar, cornstarch, and water. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick and hot. Stir in strawberries, and remove from heat. Pour mixture into the baking dish, and dot with 2 tablespoons butter. Sift flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together. Cut in butter with 2 knives or pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs; stir in cream. The mixture should be fairly soft. Spoon on top of berries. Bake in the preheated oven until cobbler is golden brown and filling is bubbly, about 25 minutes.

Title: Coconut Rum Brazilian Lemonade
Ingredients: 2 limes, 2 cups water, 1/2 cup coconut rum, 1/4 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 cups ice
Instructions: Rinse limes and cut the ends off. Cut each lime in 8 wedges and add to a blender. Add water, coconut rum, and sweetened condensed milk; blend until creamy. Fill 3 glasses with ice and strain lemonade over.

Title: Celery Margarita
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 lime wedge, ice, as needed, 1 1/2 fluid ounces tequila, 1 1/2 fluid ounces celery cordial, 3/4 fluid ounce lime juice, 3 dashes celery bitters (optional), leafy celery stalk, for garnish
Instructions: Mix salt and coriander together on a small plate. Wipe rim of a margarita glass with lime wedge. Dip rim in salt mixture to coat. Fill glass with crushed ice. Fill a cocktail shaker half full with ice. Add tequila, celery cordial, lime juice, and bitters to shaker; cover and shake until outside of shaker is frosted, about 60 seconds. Strain into prepared glass and garnish with celery stalk. From the Editor: Find the recipe for Celery Cordial here.

Title: New York-Style Crumb Cake
Ingredients: 4 cups cake flour, 1 cup brown sugar, 1/2 cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 1/4 cups butter, melted, 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, beaten, at room temperature, 1/2 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8x8-inch baking pan; set aside. For crumble, whisk cake flour, brown sugar, white sugar, cinnamon, and salt together in a bowl. Pour in melted butter. Crumble with your hands until mixture forms chunks. Let stand for at least 10 minutes for flour to absorb butter. For cake, stir all-purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in another bowl until well combined. Add egg, buttermilk, oil, and vanilla and stir until well incorporated. Spread into the prepared pan. Add crumble over cake batter by breaking into large chunks. Bake until a wooden skewer inserted in the center comes out clean, for 45 to 55 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for at least 1 hour.

Title: Strawberry Crumb Cake
Ingredients: 3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 ¾ cups white sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ¾ cup unsalted butter, cut into ½-inch cubes, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 cups hulled and halved strawberries
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line a 9-inch square cake pan with enough parchment paper to have overhang on all sides. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg together in a large bowl until combined. Cut in butter until mixture resembles wet sand. Measure out 1 cup of the crumb mixture to use for the topping, and set aside. Add buttermilk, eggs, and vanilla to remaining mixture in the bowl. Mix just until there are no dry clumps of flour remaining. Fold in strawberries. Pour cake batter into the prepared pan and smooth into an even layer. Sprinkle 1 cup reserved crumb mixture evenly over the top. Bake cake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out with a few moist crumbs, 60 to 65 minutes. Allow cake to cool completely in pan before carefully lifting out of the pan using the parchment overhang. Cut and serve. Cook’s Note If your strawberries are on the larger side, quarter them instead of halving before adding to the batter.

Title: Zucchini Coffee Cake
Ingredients: 1 zucchini (10 ounces), ends trimmed, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 cup butter, softened, 1 cup sour cream, 1 1/2 cups white sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1/2 cup packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 tablespoons butter, melted
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 9x13-inch pan with foil and coat with cooking spray. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using large holes of a box grater, shred zucchini. (You should have 2 cups packed.) Transfer zucchini to a clean kitchen towel. Roll up; squeeze out as much moisture as possible. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir together flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios In a large bowl, beat 1 cup softened butter with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gradually beat in sour cream, then white sugar. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat in eggs, 1 at a time. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in zucchini and vanilla. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold in flour mixture with a spatula, mixing just until incorporated. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread batter into prepared pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir together pecans, brown sugar, and cinnamon in a bowl. Stir in 2 tablespoons melted butter until crumbly. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle topper over cake batter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake until a toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool in pan 10 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Cowboy Coleslaw
Ingredients: 1 (16-ounce) package shredded coleslaw mix, 1 (15-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 1/2 cups frozen corn, thawed and drained, divided (from 1[10-ounce] bag), 1 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 1/2 cup fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 1/4 cup seeded and finely chopped jalapeno chile, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1/2 cup sour cream, 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons canned adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon taco seasoning mix, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 cup thinly sliced scallions, lime wedges, for serving
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios In a large bowl, toss coleslaw mix, black beans, corn, red bell pepper, cilantro, and jalapeno until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together mayonnaise, sour cream, lime juice, adobo sauce, taco seasoning mix, salt, cumin, and paprika until smooth and evenly combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour dressing over prepared coleslaw mixture. Toss until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Garnish with scallions and serve with lime wedges. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate for up to 12 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Pikliz
Ingredients: 2 cups shredded cabbage, 1 cup shredded carrot, 2 red or yellow bell peppers, thinly sliced, 1/2 medium red onion, sliced, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 Jamaican Scotch bonnet pepper, 3 tablespoons whole allspice, 4 peppercorns, 2 cloves, 1 bay leaf, 1 1/2 cups white vinegar, 2 tablespoons lime juice
Instructions: Stuff cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, onion, scallions, Scotch bonnet pepper, allspice, peppercorn, cloves, and bay leaf into a mason jar with a lid until it's filled to the brim. Add vinegar, and lime juice and press down on the ingredients. Seal the jar and shake once. Refrigerate for 2 days for flavors to meld. Roscoe Hall Cook’s Note Store in a cool place for up to 2 months. Opened jars should be kept in the refrigerator.

Title: Carolina Red Slaw
Ingredients: 2 pounds finely chopped green cabbage, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3/4 cup ketchup, 1/2 cup finely diced red bell peppers, 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon sambal chili sauce, or to taste, 1 tablespoon Sriracha hot sauce, or to taste, 2 tablespoons sliced green onions, or as needed (optional)
Instructions: Add finely chopped cabbage to a large bowl and sprinkle over the salt. Mix well and let sit for 30 minutes. If using fine salt, use half the amount. Transfer cabbage to a strainer, and set aside to drain for 10 minutes. Add ketchup, red bell pepper, cider vinegar, sugar, smoked paprika, black pepper, cayenne pepper, sambal chili sauce, and sriracha to a bowl; stir until dressing is well combined. Use a spatula or your hand to press down on cabbage in the strainer; this will press out excess water. Discard the liquid (it is fine if cabbage is still slightly damp). Add cabbage to the bowl of dressing; mix well. Cover slaw and refrigerate for 6 to 24 hours (preferably at least overnight), tossing occasionally. Taste before serving, and adjust salt and pepper, or add more hot sauce if needed. Sprinkle with sliced green onions. Chef John Cook's Notes: You can chop the cabbage by pulsing on and off with a food processor, but it will tear the cabbage. Chopping by hand with a good sharp knife will give the best result. You can substitute roasted red peppers for the red bell pepper, or use any hot sauce combination you prefer in the dressing.

Title: Potato Soup with Chorizo
Ingredients: 1 (9 ounce) roll Mexican chorizo, 1/3 cup chopped onions, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 cup diced potatoes, 1/2 tablespoon chicken bouillon granules (such as Knorr®), 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 1/3 cup heavy cream, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Combine chorizo and onions in a soup pot over medium heat and cook until onions are soft and translucent and chorizo is fully cooked, 7 to 8 minutes. Add garlic and cook until garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute more. Add chicken broth, potatoes, chicken granules, cumin, and oregano. Bring to a boil and simmer until potatoes are fork tender, 6 to 10 minutes. Reduce heat and stir in heavy whipping cream. Season with salt and pepper.

Title: Creamy Chicken Boursin Orzo Bake
Ingredients: 1 1/2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts, 2 teaspoons Cantanzaro herbs, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 shallot, minced, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups orzo pasta, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 3/4 cups milk, 1/4 cup whipping cream, 1/3 cup sun-dried tomatoes, cut into short, thin strips, 1 (5.2 ounce) package Boursin® Garlic and Fine Herbs Cheese, 2 cups chopped spinach
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Season both sides of chicken breasts with Cantanzaro herbs and salt. Heat olive oil and butter in a deep dish cast iron skillet or Dutch oven over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add chicken in a single layer, and cook until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a plate and keep warm. Add shallot and garlic to the same skillet. Cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add orzo and stir to coat with oil. Stir in chicken broth, milk, and whipping cream; stir in sun dried tomatoes. Nestle Boursin cheese wheel into the orzo mixture in the center of the skillet. Add chicken back to the skillet; cover. Bake in the preheated oven until orzo is tender with a bite and chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 40 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Move chicken to the side, and add in the spinach. Stir until spinach wilts, about 1 minute. Serve immediately. Cook’s Note Cantanzaro herb seasoning is from the Savory Spice Shop and is a blend of marjoram, basil, thyme, rosemary, oregano, garlic and lemon peel. The residual heat from baking will be enough to allow the spinach to wilt down. If desired, cut cooked chicken into bite-sized pieces before serving.

Title: Ritz Cracker Cookies
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) jar peanut butter, 1 (16 ounce) package buttery round crackers, 1 pound semisweet chocolate, chopped
Instructions: Spread 1 teaspoon peanut butter on a cracker and top with another cracker. Place chocolate in top of double boiler; stir frequently over medium heat until melted. Place cracker sandwiches onto a fork and dip into the chocolate. Drain excess chocolate and cool on waxed paper. Store in refrigerator or cover and freeze until ready to serve. Cook’s Note Use any kind of melted chocolate you prefer and decorate with colored sprinkles.

Title: Apple Pie Cookies
Ingredients: 1 cup butter, 6 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 5 teaspoons white sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 (15.25 ounce) can apple pie filling, or as needed, 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, or to taste
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. To make the dough: Beat butter, cream cheese, and vanilla extract together in a large bowl until smooth. Add flour, 5 teaspoons sugar, baking powder, and 1 teaspoon cinnamon; mix until dough comes together. Roll dough into a 1/4-inch thick round on a floured work surface. Cut out 48 circles with a cookie cutter. Top 24 dough circles with a teaspoon of apple pie filling. Cover with remaining 24 dough circles. Crimp edges with a fork to seal. Arrange cookies on lined baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are golden brown, 23 to 29 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes. To make the topping: Mix 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon together in a shallow bowl. Roll warm cookies in sugar and cinnamon mixture until coated. Transfer to a wire rack to cool briefly.

Title: Strawberry Shortcake Cookies
Ingredients: 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened, 3/4 cup white sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, 1 cup finely chopped fresh strawberries, divided, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1/4 cup white sugar, 1/3 cup all-purpose flour
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place racks in top 1/3 and bottom 1/3 positions. Line 2 large rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper; set aside. For cookies, beat butter and sugar with a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment on medium speed until light and creamy, about 2 minutes, stopping to scrape down sides of bowl as needed. Add egg and vanilla; beat until fully combined and smooth, about 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add baking powder, baking soda, salt, and flour to sugar mixture in mixer; beat until no dry streaks remain. Reduce mixer speed to low, and slowly add heavy cream; beat until fully combined, about 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently fold 3/4 cup strawberries into cookie mixture with a rubber spatula until evenly distributed. Scoop dough into 14 equal portions (about 3 tablespoons each) onto baking sheets; arrange 7 cookies per baking sheet, spaced 1 1/2 inches apart. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios For crumble, stir butter, white sugar, and flour together in a small bowl until fully combined; using your fingers, rub mixture into small crumbles. Gently press crumble and remaining 1/4 cup strawberries evenly into tops of dough balls. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes, rotating baking sheets between top and bottom racks and from front to back halfway through baking time. Cool on baking sheets for 5 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Beef and Pork Guiso
Ingredients: 6 pounds bottom round beef roast, 3 pounds pork loin roast, 2 tablespoons adobo seasoning, divided, or to taste, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, divided, or to taste, 2 large onions, 1 head garlic, 2 red bell peppers, 1 orange bell pepper, 1 yellow bell pepper, 10 ounces green olives, 4 cup pickled vegetables (giardiniera), 1/4 cup capers, 1/2 cup chopped cilantro, 1/2 cup corn oil, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup chicken broth, salt to taste
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Cut beef and pork into very tiny cubes; season with about half of adobo seasoning and cumin. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Using a food processor, chop onions and garlic, set aside. Chop red pepper, orange pepper, yellow pepper, onions, garlic, green olives, pickled vegetables, capers, and cilantro in a food processor; place together in a bowl. You may have to chop vegetables in batches. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Heat oil in a very large pot over high heat, add onions and garlic and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Add chopped red pepper, orange pepper, yellow pepper, olives, pickled vegetables, capers, and cilantro, and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Pour in wine; cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add beef and pork and stir well to combine. Stir in chicken broth; season to taste with salt. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Bring mix to a rolling boil; turn heat down to medium-low. Cover; simmer until well reduced, stirring occasionally, about 5 hours. After the first 2 hours, taste and add remaining cumin and adobo seasoning as needed. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Cook's Notes: You can freeze leftovers and they will keep for awhile, although I doubt it will last very long (at least not in my house). A food processor makes preparing the chopped vegetables easy.

Title: This Viral Toast Recipe Tastes Just Like Pizza But Is Ready In Only 15 Minutes
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons butter, 2 slices sourdough bread, 1 ½ ounces sliced mozzarella cheese, divided, 1/2 ounce sliced pepper jack cheese, 5 slices pickled jalapeno, 5 slices pepperoni, 1 tablespoon pizza sauce, 1/4 teaspoon italian seasoning, divided, Crushed red pepper, to taste, Ground black pepper, to taste
Instructions: Preheat oven to 375°F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Spread butter on both sides of each slice of bread and place on the prepared pan. Bake, flipping once halfway through, until bread is lightly browned on both sides, about 8 minutes. Cover the perimeter of one bread slice with half of the mozzarella cheese, leaving the middle part of the bread empty. Top with other slice of bread. Use the back of a spoon to make an indentation in the middle of the bread slices, pushing down firmly to reach the bottom slice. Add the pizza sauce to the indentation, and sprinkle half the Italian seasoning over the top. Cover with remaining ½ ounce mozzarella cheese and pepper jack, followed by jalapeño and pepperoni. Garnish with remaining Italian seasoning, crushed red pepper and black pepper. Bake until the cheese is melted and golden-brown, about 5 minutes. Slice in half and serve.

Title: Fried Egg Tortilla
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons butter, 1 large egg, 1/4 teaspoon taco seasoning, or to taste, 1 1/2 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese, divided, 1 (6 to 7-inch) flour tortilla
Instructions: In a 10-inch nonstick skillet, melt butter over medium heat, and swirl the pan to coat the bottom evenly. Carefully break egg into buttered skillet and cook until egg white is opaque and egg is firm enough to turn, about 1 minute. Turn egg over, being careful not to break yolk; sprinkle with taco seasoning and about half of cheese. Gently place tortilla over egg and cheese, and cook about 1 minute. Using a silicone egg turner, flip the egg and tortilla, as one. Sprinkle remaining cheese on top of the egg, and continue cooking until the egg is done to your liking and the tortilla is warm and toasty, about 2 minutes. Slide tortilla and egg to a serving plate and serve warm.

Title: Grilled Pita Pizza
Ingredients: 1/4 red bell pepper, 1/8 small red onion, 2 1/4 teaspoons Italian dressing, 1 (6 1/2-inch) pita bread, 1/2 teaspoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons pizza sauce, 1/8 cup sliced mushrooms, 1/2 teaspoon chopped, drained black olives, or to taste, 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
Instructions: Preheat the grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Toss bell pepper and red onion with Italian dressing in a bowl. Grill vegetables until tender with a bite, 5 to 8 minutes, turning occasionally. Allow to cool slightly, then cut peppers into thin strips; cut onions into 3/4-inch pieces. Place pita on the grill until grill marks form, 30 seconds to 2 minutes; turn, and grill the other side until grill marks form, 30 seconds to 2 minutes. Place pita on a sheet pan. Spread one side of pita with olive oil and pizza sauce. Scatter peppers, onion, mushrooms, and black olives over pita, and sprinkle with mozzarella cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese melts, about 5 minutes. Cook's Note: You can sauté the vegetables instead of grilling them. Slice peppers and onions first, then sauté in a skillet over medium-high heat until tender with a bite, about 2 minutes.

Title: Air Fryer Everything-Bagel Salmon Dinner
Ingredients: cooking spray, 1 large (8 ounces) sweet potato, cut into 1/4-inch wedges, 3 teaspoons olive oil, divided, 1/4 teaspoon salt, divided, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons mayonnaise, 2 cups small broccoli florets, 2 (5-6-ounces) salmon fillets, 2 teaspoons everything bagel seasoning, 1 teaspoon soy sauce
Instructions: Preheat air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Coat a sheet of foil with cooking spray. Toss sweet potatoes with 1 1/2 teaspoons oil and 1/8 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a bowl. Arrange sweet potatoes in an even layer on the foil; transfer to the air fryer basket. Cook until mostly tender, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, stir together mustard, honey, and mayonnaise in a small bowl. In another bowl, toss broccoli with remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons oil and 1/8 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Push sweet potatoes to one side of the basket. Add salmon to the other side. Spoon 1 teaspoon mustard mixture onto each fillet; spread to coat tops of fillets. Sprinkle evenly with bagel seasoning. Arrange broccoli around sweet potatoes and salmon. Cook until salmon is opaque and flakes easily with a fork and sweet potatoes and broccoli are tender, 10 to 14 minutes. Stir soy sauce into the remaining mustard mixture; drizzle over sweet potatoes and broccoli to serve.

Title: Pepperoni Pizza Dip with Cream Cheese
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided, 2 tablespoons shredded mozzarella cheese, divided, ½ (8 ounce) tub cream cheese, softened, ⅓ cup pizza sauce, purchased or homemade, 8 ounces pepperoni, chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, ¼ cup panko bread crumbs
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) Combine Parmesan cheese and mozzarella cheese in a small bowl. Mix together cream cheese, 1/2 of cheese mixture, and pizza sauce in a bowl until thoroughly blended. Pour into a small baking dish, spreading out evenly. Top with pepperoni pieces, and sprinkle remaining cheese mixture on top. Mix panko and butter together in a small bowl and distribute on top of the dip. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling, 10 to 15 minutes. Turn the oven on broil and broil until the top is golden brown or to your liking, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool about 5 minutes. Cook's Note: I used 4 large deli sandwich pepperoni sausages that I cut in half, then in half again 2 more times so I had 8 small triangles out of each pepperoni.

Title: Southeast Asian Style Chicken Rice
Ingredients: 1 large chicken breast, skin on, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, ⅓ cup diced onions, ½ teaspoon turmeric, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon jasmine rice, 1 ½ cups chicken broth, ½ cup thinly sliced red onion, ¼ cup sliced green onions, 1 small red Fresno chili, thinly sliced, or any other hot pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, plus more to taste, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, or to taste, 1 teaspoon sambal hot chili sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, or to taste, ¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, salt to taste, ½ cup freshly torn mint leaves, ½ cup freshly torn cilantro leaves, lime wedges (Optional)
Instructions: Set chicken breast onto a cutting board and make 5 or 6 shallow cuts through the skin. Season generously on both sides with salt. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium high heat and sear chicken breast, skin-side down, until the skin is golden brown and fat has rendered out, about 5 minutes. Flip breast over, and keep cooking until chicken is cooked through, about 5 minutes more. If oil starts to smoke before the chicken is cooked, reduce heat to medium or medium-low. Turn off the heat and transfer chicken to a plate to rest until cool enough to handle. Peel off the skin and finely chop. Refrigerate chicken breast. Add minced chicken skin back into the skillet over and medium heat. Cook and stir until the skin browns and starts getting crisp, 3 to 5 minutes. Add ginger, garlic, and onions and cook, stirring, until onions start to turn translucent, about 5 minutes. Add turmeric and rice; cook and stir until rice is well coated with oil, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in broth, turn heat to high, and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer undisturbed for 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and set a timer for 10 minutes to allow rice to rest. Meanwhile, shred the chicken meat using your hands or cut into small pieces. Place into a bowl. Add red onion, green onions, Fresno chili, lime juice, soy sauce, hot sauce, sesame oil, salt, pepper, fresh mint and cilantro. Toss until well combined. Taste and adjust with more lime juice, salt, and/or spice as needed. After the 10 minute rice timer is up, remove cover, and fluff rice with a fork. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary. Serve rice topped with the chicken herb salad mixture and lime wedges. Chef John Cook's Note: Rice can be served hot, warm, room temperature, or cold.

Title: I Tried Snoop Dogg’s 5-Ingredient Fried Bologna Sandwich and It’s as Legendary as He Is
Ingredients: 2 slices white sandwich bread, 3 slices thick-cut bologna, 3 slices deluxe American cheese, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 cup barbecue potato chips
Instructions: Toast bread slices. Heat a skillet over medium heat. Make 3 to 4 slits around the edges of each bologna slice and add slices to the skillet. Cook bologna, turning once, until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to low, top each slice with cheese, and cook until cheese is melted, about 2 minutes. Spread mustard on 1 side of each bread slice. Stack bologna and cheese on top of mustard side of 1 bread slice. Add chips on top; place second bread slice on top of chips, mustard side down. Serve immediately. Getty/adobe stock

Title: Copycat Philadelphia Strawberry Cheesecake Bites
Ingredients: 1 1/4 cups graham cracker crumbs, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1/4 cup white sugar, 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1/4 cup strawberry jelly, ¼ cup white chocolate candy melts
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix together graham cracker crumbs, butter, and sugar for crust in a bowl until well incorporated and crumbly. Press 1 tablespoon of graham cracker crust mixture into the bottom of each well in two 12-well silicone ice cube trays. Tamper the filling down into an even layer at the bottom of each well (you can use the handle end of a wooden spoon or rubber spatula to help here). Place trays in the freezer while you prepare the filling. Beat cream cheese, powdered sugar, vanilla extract, and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth and thoroughly combined. Beat cold cream in a chilled glass or metal bowl with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Gently fold whipped cream into cream cheese mixture until smooth. Remove ice cube trays from the freezer. Fill each ice cube well with the cream cheese mixture until the filling is flush with the top of the tray, about 2 tablespoons. Smooth the tops with a rubber spatula so they are even and smooth. Freeze until firm, about 1.5 hours. Gently pushing from the bottom, carefully remove each mini cheesecake from the wells. Using a small spoon, scoop a vertical well down the center of each bite, removing about 1 teaspoon of filling. Add strawberry jelly to a small plastic bag or piping bag, and cut a ⅛-inch opening in the corner. Carefully pipe the strawberry filling into the vertical wells on each bite. In a microwave safe bowl, melt white chocolate in 10 second intervals until smooth. Using a spoon, drizzle white chocolate in stripes across bars. Allow to set for 10 minutes in fridge. Serve cold. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Jalapeno Cheddar Cornbread Muffins
Ingredients: 1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/3 cup honey, 1 large egg, 1 cup milk, 1/4 cup vegetable oil, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped, 2 mozzarella sticks, each cut into 6 pieces, 12 thin slices jalapeno pepper (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease or line 12 muffin cups. In a large bowl, mix together cornmeal, flour, baking powder, and salt; stir in honey, egg, milk, and vegetable oil; blend thoroughly. Stir in shredded sharp Cheddar cheese and chopped jalapeños. Pour or spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups. Add a mozzarella piece to the center of each muffin and one jalapeño slice. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into center of a muffin comes out clean, about 14 minutes.

Title: Jalapeño Cheddar Cornbread
Ingredients: 1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup all-purpose flour, sifted, 1/4 cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/4 cup vegetable oil, 2 jalapeños, seeded and minced, 1 small yellow onion, minced, 3/4 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or as needed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place an 8 to 10-inch cast iron skillet in the oven. Whisk cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Slowly stir in the 1/4 cup oil until mixture is crumbly. Stir in onions, jalapenos, and 1/2 cup cheese. Fold in egg and buttermilk just until blended. Do not overmix. Remove the hot skillet from the oven and swirl the 1 tablespoon oil around to grease the bottom and sides. Pour batter into the skillet. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. A toothpick inserted near the center should come out clean. Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup cheese on cornbread immediately after removing from the oven; let sit for a few minutes before serving. Cook's Notes: You can use 1 cup baking mix (such as Bisquick™) in place of all-purpose flour. You can substitute 1 cup milk with 1 tablespoon lemon juice for buttermilk.

Title: Golden Sweet Cornbread
Ingredients: 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, ⅔ cup white sugar, 3 ½ teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, ⅓ cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9-inch round cake pan. Whisk flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add milk, vegetable oil, and egg; whisk until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour batter into the prepared pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the pan comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Slice and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Loaded Reuben Totchos
Ingredients: 1 (32 ounce) package frozen fried potato nuggets, 6 ounces corned beef, chopped (1 cup), ½ cup sauerkraut, drained, 1 cup shredded Swiss cheese (4 oz.), 1 cup shredded Colby and Monterey Jack cheese (4 oz.), ½ cup Thousand Island salad dressing, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped green onion, ¼ teaspoon caraway seeds, toasted
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with foil. Spread potato nuggets on prepared baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, 28 to 32 minutes. Top potato nuggets with corned beef, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and Colby and Monterey Jack cheese. Bake until cheese is melted, 5 to 8 minutes. Drizzle with Thousand Island dressing and mustard. Sprinkle with green onion and caraway seeds. Cook’s Note Swap out the potato nuggets for tortilla chips, then top with all the makings of a Reuben sandwich. Perfect for St. Paddy's Day or game day!

Title: Slow-Cooker Corned Beef and Cabbage
Ingredients: 10  baby red potatoes, quartered, 4 large carrots, peeled and cut into matchstick pieces, 1  onion, peeled and cut into bite-sized pieces, 4 cups water, 1 (4 pound) corned beef brisket with spice packet, 6 ounces beer, ½ head cabbage, coarsely chopped
Instructions: Place potatoes, carrots, and onion into the bottom of a slow cooker; add water and place brisket on top of vegetables. Pour beer over brisket; sprinkle over spices from the packet and cover. Cook on High for 7 hours; stir in the cabbage and cook for 1 more hour.

Title: Corned Beef and Cabbage
Ingredients: 1 (3 pound) corned beef brisket with spice packet, 10 small red potatoes, 5 medium carrots, 1 large head cabbage
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place corned beef in a Dutch oven and cover with water. Add spice packet, cover, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until corned beef is just about fork-tender, about 2 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While the corned beef is simmering, cut potatoes in half. Peel carrots and cut into 3-inch pieces. Cut cabbage into small wedges. When corned beef has cooked for 2 hours, add potatoes and carrots; cook until vegetables are almost tender and meat is fork-tender, about 10 minutes. Add cabbage and cook until tender, about 15 more minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove meat and let rest for 15 minutes. Leave broth and vegetables in the Dutch oven.Slice meat across the grain. Serve with vegetables and broth. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS From the Editor Total cook time for corned beef to be fork-tender should be between 45 and 50 minutes per pound. Please adjust if your corned beef is larger or smaller than 3 pounds.

Title: Best Ever Crab Cakes
Ingredients: 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon minced green onions, 4 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, ⅛ teaspoon red pepper flakes, 8 ounces crabmeat, ½ cup crushed buttery round crackers, 1 tablespoon butter
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk egg, mayonnaise, green onions, lemon juice, tarragon, and pepper flakes together in a medium bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently stir in crabmeat, being careful not to break up meat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gradually mix in cracker crumbs, adding until desired consistency is achieved. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Form crab mixture into 4 patties. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat butter in a skillet over medium heat. Cook patties in the skillet until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: How to Make Maryland Crab Cakes
Ingredients: cooking spray, 1 pound crabmeat, shredded, 1 ½ tablespoons dry bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, salt and pepper to taste, 1  egg, 1 ½ tablespoons mayonnaise, ½ teaspoon ground dry mustard, 1 dash hot pepper sauce
Instructions: Preheat the oven's broiler. Lightly grease a broiler pan or baking sheet with cooking spray. Mix crabmeat, bread crumbs, parsley, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix egg, mayonnaise, mustard, and hot sauce together in a small bowl; stir into crab mixture until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Form into patties and place on the prepared broiler pan or baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Broil crab cakes under the preheated broiler until golden brown on both sides, about 5 to 7 minutes per side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Baked Maryland Lump Crab Cakes
Ingredients: ¼ cup bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay™, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, ⅛ teaspoon black pepper, ¾ cup cholesterol-free egg product, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound lump crab meat
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet. Combine bread crumbs, seafood seasoning, baking powder, parsley, mustard powder, and pepper in a medium bowl; set aside. Stir together egg product, butter, mayonnaise, and Worcestershire in a large bowl until smooth. Fold in crab meat, then fold in bread crumb mixture until well-blended. Shape mixture into twelve 3/4-inch-thick crab cakes and place onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Flip crab cakes; continue to bake until nicely browned, 10 to 15 minutes more. Recipe Tip To make a lighter version, omit the butter, use fat-free mayonnaise, increase the bread crumbs to 5 tablespoons, and use egg whites instead of regular egg product.

Title: Parmesan Cheese Crisps
Ingredients: 1 cup shredded Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Using a tablespoon, create 16 mounds of cheese, about 2 inches in diameter, spaced at least 1 inch apart, on the prepared baking sheet. Press down on the middle of each mound to make them evenly thick. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is completely melted and edges are browned, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the oven to cool for 15 minutes. Remove from baking sheet and store at room temperature in an air-tight container for up to 5 days.

Title: Ranch Oyster Crackers
Ingredients: ¼ cup vegetable oil, 1 (1 ounce) package Ranch-style dressing mix, ½ teaspoon dried dill weed, ¼ teaspoon lemon pepper (Optional), ¼ teaspoon garlic powder (Optional), 5 cups oyster crackers
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Mix vegetable oil, dressing mix, dill weed, lemon pepper, and garlic powder together in a large bowl. Add oyster crackers; toss to coat. Spread evenly on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes; stir gently after 10 minutes of baking. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 10 minutes before serving.

Title: Alabama Fire Crackers
Ingredients: 1 ⅔ cups vegetable oil, 2 (1 ounce) envelopes ranch dressing mix, 3 tablespoons crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, ½ teaspoon black pepper, 1 (16.5 ounce) package multigrain saltine crackers
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place vegetable oil, ranch dressing mix, crushed red pepper flakes, garlic powder, onion powder, and black pepper in a 2-gallon resealable plastic bag. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Seal the bag and squeeze with your hands until oil and spices are well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place crackers into the bag, seal, and turn the bag over to coat crackers with spice mix. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Let sit for about 1 hour, then turn again. Repeat several times until crackers are well-coated with spice mix, then allow the bag to sit 8 hours to overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove crackers and serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Fresh Cranberry Sauce
Ingredients: 1 cup water, 1 cup white sugar, 1 (12 ounce) package fresh cranberries (such as Ocean Spray®)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Oana Ennis/Allrecipes Bring water to a boil in a saucepan; add sugar and cook until sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Oana Ennis/Allrecipes Stir cranberries into the saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, and simmer until cranberries have popped and sauce is chunky, about 10 minutes or longer for desired consistency. The longer you cook it, the less chunky it will be. Oana Ennis/Allrecipes Oana Ennis/Allrecipes Pour sauce into a serving dish or jars and cover until ready to use; the pectin in the cranberries will make the cranberry sauce gel as it cools. Oana Ennis/Allrecipes Mix cranberry sauce with a fork before serving. Cook’s Note If you like a sweeter cranberry sauce, you can use up to 2 cups white sugar in this recipe. I prefer a tart sauce, so I only use 1 cup.

Title: Cranberry Sauce with Orange Juice
Ingredients: 1 cup white sugar, 1 cup orange juice, 1 (12 ounce) package fresh cranberries
Instructions: Combine sugar and orange juice in a medium saucepan over medium heat; stir until sugar is dissolved. Mix in cranberries; cook, stirring occasionally, until cranberries start to pop, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl; sauce will thicken as it cools.

Title: Vanilla Crème Brûlée
Ingredients: 3 large egg yolks, ¼ cup superfine sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla bean paste, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar
Instructions: Place egg yolks in a bowl; beat with an electric mixer on high speed until eggs are thick and light yellow, about 5 minutes. Gradually beat in 1/4 cup sugar and vanilla bean paste. Pour cream into the top of a double boiler over simmering water and simmer until just hot to the touch, about 3 minutes. Pour 1/2 of the warmed cream into the egg mixture, a little at a time, whisking constantly so eggs do not curdle. Pour egg yolk-cream mixture into the remaining cream in the double boiler. Cook over medium heat, stirring continuously, until mixture thickens, 8 to 10 minutes. Do not let mixture boil. Pour custard into 4 small ramekins and refrigerate for a minimum of 2 hours, up to 24 hours. Sprinkle each crème brûlée with some of the remaining tablespoon of superfine sugar. Use a blowtorch to melt the sugar on top of the crème brûlée. It will crystallize as it hardens. Alternatively you can use the oven broiler, but be careful to not burn the sugar. Lightly tap the crystallized sugar with the back of a spoon to break it before eating.

Title: Crème Brûlée
Ingredients: 6  egg yolks, 6 tablespoons white sugar, divided, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 ½ cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons brown sugar
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Whisk egg yolks, 4 tablespoons white sugar, and vanilla extract in a mixing bowl until thick and creamy; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour cream into a saucepan and stir over low heat until it almost comes to a boil. Whisk cream into egg yolk mixture; beat until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour mixture into the top pan of a double boiler. Stir over simmering water until mixture lightly coats the back of a spoon, about 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour into a shallow heat-proof dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until custard is set, about 30 minutes. Let cool to room temperature, then refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour or overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn the oven to broil. Combine remaining 2 tablespoons white sugar and brown sugar in a small bowl. Sprinkle mixture evenly over custard. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place dish under the broiler until sugar melts and caramelizes, about 2 minutes. Watch carefully so as not to burn. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Allow to cool slightly, then refrigerate until custard is set again, about 10 minutes. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Simple Crème Brûlée Dessert
Ingredients: 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 3 large egg yolks, ¼ teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons white sugar, divided
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together cream and 3 tablespoons sugar in a microwave-safe bowl until combined. Cook in the microwave until warm, 1 to 2 minutes; whisk again to dissolve sugar. Whisk in egg yolks and vanilla until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour cream mixture into 2 ramekins set in a roasting pan. Pour enough hot water into the pan to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until custard is set but slightly jiggly in the center when shaken, about 50 minutes. Remove ramekins from hot water and chill in the refrigerator until cold, at least 2 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle 1 tablespoon sugar evenly over the top of each dessert. Use a kitchen torch to melt and lightly toast sugar topping until brown and bubbly, about 30 seconds. Let sugar topping cool to harden before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Best-Ever Peach Crumble
Ingredients: 6 cups peeled, sliced fresh peaches, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 large egg, 1/2 cup butter, melted
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease a 2-1/2 quart baking dish. Place peaches in the prepared baking dish. Combine brown sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, lemon juice, lemon zest, and cinnamon; sprinkle over peaches. Combine 1 cup flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg. Stir in egg and mix until mixture has pea-sized crumbles. Sprinkle mixture over peaches. Pour butter evenly over crumbles. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is lightly browned, 37 to 40 minutes.

Title: Strawberries and Cream Cupcakes
Ingredients: 2 cups chopped strawberries, 6 tablespoons white sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, or to taste, 1 2/3 cups cake flour, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon baking soda, 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1/4 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons white sugar, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 2/3 cup full-fat sour cream, at room temperature, 1/3 cup 2% milk, at room temperature, 2 ounces full-fat cream cheese, chilled, 1/4 cup powdered sugar, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pinch salt, 1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream
Instructions: Strawberries: Place strawberries and sugar in a small pot over medium-low heat. Bring mixture to a simmer, stirring often, and cook for 5 minutes. Stir cornstarch and water together in a small bowl or measuring cup. Stir cornstarch mixture into the strawberry mixture, and cook until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove pot from heat, and stir in lemon zest and lemon juice. Pour mixture into a heat safe bowl, and place uncovered into the fridge to chill. (Once mixture is chilled and no longer condensing, you can then cover the bowl.) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2 cupcake pans with liners. Cupcakes: Sift together cake flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda, and nutmeg. Beat butter, oil, and 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add in egg whites, vanilla, and almond extract, and beat mixture on medium-high speed for another 3 minutes. Add in half of flour mixture and mix until just combined. Add in sour cream and milk; mix until just combined. Add in remaining flour mixture; mix until just combined. Pour batter into prepared cupcake pans, filling each liner no more than 2/3 full. Bake one pan at a time, until tops of cupcakes spring back when lightly touched, 22 to 26 minutes. Allow cupcakes to cool in the pan for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely, about 30 minutes Chill cupcakes in the refrigerator for about 1 hour. This will make them easier to cut and fill. Cream cheese whipped cream: Beat chilled cream cheese, powdered sugar, vanilla, and salt together until smooth. Add in 1/2 cup cold heavy cream, and mix on low until mixture is smooth. Add in remaining heavy cream; beat on medium-high until mixture holds stiff peaks. If desired, place mixture into a piping bag fitted with an open star tip (such as a Wilton® 1M). Place piping bag in refrigerator until ready to use. Remove cupcakes from refrigerator. Remove the liners and cut tops off cupcakes. Pipe a layer of whipped cream on bottom half of cupcakes; top with about 1 to 2 teaspoons strawberry mixture. Place tops of cupcakes back on, and lightly press down to adhere. Pipe more whipped cream on top of cupcakes and top with another 1 to 2 teaspoons strawberry mixture. Chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes before serving. Cook’s Note You can use all-purpose flour in place of cake flour, if desired. The cupcakes won't turn out as light and fluffy, however. You can also use frozen strawberries in place of fresh. The cupcakes are quite soft, but will be easier to handle when chilled. So keep them chilled as much as you can while working with them. For best results, assemble these the same day you plan to serve them, and keep chilled until ready to serve. However, you can make the cupcakes and strawberry sauce a day or two in advance. I like to place the cupcakes carefully back onto their liners after assembling them--it just makes them a bit easier to pick up and eat

Title: S'mores Cupcakes
Ingredients: 1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 6 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch ground nutmeg, 1 pinch ground cinnamon, 1/2 cup boiling water, 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1/2 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cake flour, 1/2 teaspoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 2/3 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 18 large marshmallows, 4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 2/3 cup white sugar, 6 tablespoons cold water, 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 pinch salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1/8 teaspoon almond extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2 cupcake pans with liners. Prepare the crust: Mix graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, brown sugar, salt, nutmeg, and cinnamon together in a small bowl until combined. Place 1 packed tablespoon of crumb mixture into the bottom of about 18 cupcake liners and press into an even layer. Bake in the preheated oven until graham cracker crusts are slightly darker in color, 8 to 10 minutes. Allow crusts to cool. Prepare cupcakes: Whisk boiling water, cocoa powder, and espresso powder together In a small bowl or measuring cup until smooth and combined. Set aside to cool slightly. Beat butter, vegetable oil, and brown sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add in egg, vanilla, and salt. Beat for an additional 3 minutes on medium-high speed. Add in cocoa powder mixture and beat until thoroughly incorporated. Add in cake flour, baking powder, and baking soda, and mix until just combined. Add in sour cream; mix until just combined. Spoon about 2 heaped tablespoons of cake batter over each graham cracker crust, making sure to fill each liner no more than 2/3 full. (There may be extra batter to make 1 or 2 extra cupcakes without a graham cracker crust. Simply put that batter into an empty liner, filling no more than 2/3 full, and bake as a plain chocolate cupcake). Bake in the preheated oven, 1 pan at a time, until tops of the cupcakes spring back when lightly touched, 20 to 25 minutes. Allow cupcakes to cool in the pan for 5 minutes before carefully removing to a wire rack to cool completely. To prepare frosting, place an oven rack directly below the oven's broiler; preheat broiler. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and lightly grease it. Place large marshmallows about 1 inch apart on the baking sheet. Place pan under broiler and cook until marshmallows are golden brown and puffy, rotating the pan often to ensure the tops of the marshmallows brown evenly without burning, about 1 minute. Remove pan from oven and allow marshmallows to cool. Place egg whites, white sugar, cold water, cream of tartar, and pinch of salt in a very large heatproof mixing bowl. Place the bowl over a pan of barely simmering water (do not allow the bottom of the bowl to touch the water), and begin to beat the mixture on low speed with an electric hand mixer. Gradually increase speed to medium-high and continue to whip mixture over hot water until mixture holds stiff peaks, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and beat for 1 minute more. Add in toasted marshmallows, vanilla, and almond extract. Beginning on low speed and gradually increasing the speed to high, beat mixture until completely smooth and no lumps of toasted marshmallow remain, and the mixture once again holds stiff peaks, 5 to 7 minutes. Place mixture into a large piping bag fitted with a large round tip. Generously pipe marshmallow frosting onto the top of each cooled cupcake. If desired, use a kitchen torch to caramelize the frosting until golden brown.

Title: Johns Creek Chocolate Cupcakes
Ingredients: 1 cup flour, ½ cup unsweetened cocoa powder, ¾ teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon baking soda, ¼ teaspoon salt, ½ cup unsalted butter, softened, ¾ cup sugar, ¼ cup light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ¾ cup whole milk, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ½ cup unsalted butter, softened, 4 cups powdered sugar, pomegranate seeds, for garnish
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line one 12-cup muffin pan with paper liners. Stir together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Beat together butter, white sugar, and brown sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer a medium speed until light and fluffy, about 90 seconds. Add eggs, one at a time, beating until just combined after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Beat in flour mixture one-third at a time, alternating with 1/4 cup milk, on low speed until just combined. Fill each prepared muffin cup with 1/4 cup batter Bake until a toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rack 5 minutes. Transfer to wire rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, beat together cream cheese and butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 30 seconds. Reduce speed to low; add powdered sugar, 1 cup at a time, beating until frosting is smooth. Fit a piping bag with a large star or round tip and fill with frosting. Pipe frosting onto cupcakes. Garnish with pomegranate arils. Serve immediately or store, chilled, in an airtight container up to 1 week.

Title: Pain au Chocolat (Chocolate Croissants)
Ingredients: ¼ cup warm water, 2 ¼ cups bread flour, 2 tablespoons instant nonfat dry milk, 1 tablespoon white sugar, ½ teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 ½ teaspoons instant yeast, ½ cup butter, softened, 1  egg yolk, 1 tablespoon milk, 9 ounces semisweet chocolate chunks
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Pour water into a bread machine pan; add flour. Sprinkle milk powder over flour. Place sugar, salt, and 2 tablespoons of softened butter into the corners of the pan. Make a small indent in the top of the dry ingredients and place yeast in the indent. Run the bread machine on the basic dough setting. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Meanwhile, lay out a sheet of waxed or parchment paper. Shape the remaining 1/2 cup of butter into a 3x5-inch rectangle on the waxed paper; wrap and chill until ready to use. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Remove butter from the refrigerator and allow to soften while you roll out dough. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface; roll into a 8x12-inch rectangle. Place butter on half of the dough, leaving a 1/2-inch border of dough on 3 sides. Fold the other half of dough over butter and press the edges firmly to seal. Rolled dough with a butter layer for making pain au chocolat. Roll the dough out to a 6x14-inch rectangle. Fold the dough in thirds from the long ends, as you would fold a business letter. Cover dough loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 20 minutes. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Remove the dough from the refrigerator. Place it onto a lightly floured surface so that the folded edge faces you. Roll the dough out again into a 6x14-inch rectangle, and fold into thirds. Cover with plastic and chill for 20 minutes. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Repeat step 5, then chill the dough for 30 minutes. ALLRECIPES / QI AI In a small bowl, beat together the egg yolk and milk; set aside. Grease two baking sheets. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Roll dough out into a 12x21-inch rectangle. Cut dough into thirds in both directions, to make 9 rectangles. Divide chocolate among the rectangles. Lightly brush egg yolk mixture around the edges of each piece. Starting at a short end, roll each piece of dough around the chocolate; press the edges together to seal. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Place the croissants onto the prepared baking sheets; cover with greased plastic wrap and allow to rise in a warm place until they have doubled in size, about 30 minutes. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Brush the top of the pastries with the remaining egg yolk mixture. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer croissants to wire racks. Serve warm or at room temperature. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Tips To reduce the 'day of' preparation time, make the dough and refrigerate the unbaked rolls overnight. Pull them out 1 hour before baking in the morning to come to room temperature.

Title: Danish Pastry
Ingredients: 2 cups unsalted butter, softened, ⅔ cup all-purpose flour, 8 cups all-purpose flour, divided, 4 ½ teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 ½ cups milk, ½ cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 2 cups fruit preserves, any flavor, 1 large egg white, beaten
Instructions: Cream butter and 2/3 cup flour in a medium bowl until well combined. Divide into 2 equal parts, then roll each half between 2 pieces waxed paper into a 6x12-inch sheet. Chill butter sheets in the refrigerator. Mix 3 cups flour with active dry yeast in a mixing bowl; set aside. Stir together milk, sugar, and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat. Heat until warm, but not hot to the touch, about 115 degrees F (43 degrees C). Pour warm milk mixture over flour mixture. Add eggs, lemon extract, and almond extract. Stir for 3 minutes. Knead in remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, until dough is firm and pliable. Cover and let rise at room temperature until doubled in size, 30 minutes to 1 hour. Cut dough in half. Roll each half out to a 14-inch square. Place one cold butter sheet over half of each dough square, off to one side, then fold dough over butter sheet like the cover of a book. Pinch the edges of dough together with your fingers. Roll each piece out to a 20x12-inch rectangle. Fold into thirds like a letter. Repeat rolling and folding one more time. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Roll and fold each piece of dough two more times. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Roll dough out to 1/4-inch thickness. Cut dough into squares. Place a dollop of fruit preserves in the center. Fold 2 opposite corners over the center to form a filled diamond shape. Place danishes on an ungreased baking sheet. Allow to rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (220 degrees C). Brush beaten egg white over pastries. Bake in the preheated oven until the bottoms are golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Recipe Tip Unbaked dough squares may also be folded in half, cut into 1-inch strips, then stretched, twisted, and rolled into a spiral.

Title: Baked Apple Roses
Ingredients: 1 large red apple, cored and very thinly sliced, ¼ cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, ¼ cup melted butter, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons water, 1 teaspoon confectioners' sugar (Optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Adjust an oven rack to the middle position. Butter two (6 to 8-ounce) ramekins and dust with white sugar. Place apple slices on a microwave-safe plate, overlapping slightly if necessary. Microwave on high until slices slightly soften, about 45 seconds. Cover the plate with plastic wrap and a kitchen towel. Mix together sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. Roll puff pastry sheet to less than 1/8-inch thickness. Using a pizza cutter, cut two (3x12-inch) rectangles. Reserve remaining pieces for another use. Spread melted butter over dough; sprinkle with a generous amount of cinnamon sugar. Place apple slices along one long edge of dough, about 1/4 inch beyond the edge, overlapping slices slightly. Fold the bottom half of dough over apple slices to form a long "folder" of dough with rounded edges of apple slices exposed. Beat together egg and water in a small bowl. Brush surface of dough with egg wash. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Starting at one end, roll dough to form a rose-shaped pastry. Seal roll with end of dough strip. Transfer roses to the prepared ramekins. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Bake on the middle rack in the preheated oven until well browned, about 45 minutes. Use tongs to remove the ramekins to a baking sheet to cool for 5 to 10 minutes. Remove apple roses from the ramekins and finish cooling on a wire rack. Dust with confectioners' sugar before serving. Recipe Tips If you don't have a microwave, sauté the apple slices in a little bit of butter over medium heat until flexible but not soft, about 30 seconds per side. If you use a metal muffin pan instead of a ramekin, reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and bake until the pastry is well browned, about 45 minutes. Editor's Note: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of puff pastry. The actual amount consumed will vary. Please note differences in ingredient amounts and total time when following the magazine version of this recipe.

Title: New York-Style Crumb Cake
Ingredients: 4 cups cake flour, 1 cup brown sugar, 1/2 cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 1/4 cups butter, melted, 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, beaten, at room temperature, 1/2 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8x8-inch baking pan; set aside. For crumble, whisk cake flour, brown sugar, white sugar, cinnamon, and salt together in a bowl. Pour in melted butter. Crumble with your hands until mixture forms chunks. Let stand for at least 10 minutes for flour to absorb butter. For cake, stir all-purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in another bowl until well combined. Add egg, buttermilk, oil, and vanilla and stir until well incorporated. Spread into the prepared pan. Add crumble over cake batter by breaking into large chunks. Bake until a wooden skewer inserted in the center comes out clean, for 45 to 55 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for at least 1 hour.

Title: Million Dollar Deviled Eggs
Ingredients: 12 large hard-boiled eggs, peeled, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons butter, softened to room temperature, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons sweet pickle juice, 1/2 teaspoon sriracha, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons crumbled crisp cooked bacon
Instructions: Slice eggs in half lengthwise. Remove egg yolks, and place in a bowl. Add mayonnaise, butter, mustard, pickle juice, Sriracha, salt, and pepper to the yolks. Mash with a fork or use a small food processor until filling is very smooth and creamy. Evenly scoop or pipe egg yolk mixture into each egg white. Top with bacon crumbles. Move to the refrigerator to chill or serve immediately. From the Editor: Here's everything you need to know to boil eggs perfectly every time.

Title: Bang Bang Deviled Eggs
Ingredients: 6 large eggs, hard-cooked, 3 tablespoons Japanese mayonnaise (such as Kewpie), 1 tablespoons sweet Thai chili sauce (such as Mae Ploy), 1 teaspoon Sriracha chile sauce, or to taste, 1 teaspoon rice vinegar, 1 green onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon paprika, for garnish
Instructions: Peel hard-cooked eggs and then slice half lengthwise; remove yolks into a small mixing bowl. Gently mash yolks with a fork into a paste and then add your kewpie mayonnaise, sweet Thai chili sauce, sriracha, and rice vinegar; mix well to combine. Spoon or pipe mixture into egg whites. Garnish eggs with paprika and chopped green onions. Refrigerate until ready to serve.

Title: Jamie's Sweet and Easy Corn on the Cob
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 ears corn on the cob, husks and silk removed
Instructions: Fill a large pot about 3/4 full of water and bring to a boil. Stir in sugar and lemon juice until sugar is dissolved. Gently place ears of corn into boiling water, cover the pot, turn off the heat, and let corn cook in the hot water until tender, about 10 minutes. Rae From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of sugar. The actual amount of sugar consumed will vary.

Title: Black Beans and Rice
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1  onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, ¾ cup uncooked white rice, 1 ½ cups low sodium, low fat vegetable broth, 3 ½ cups canned black beans, drained, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper
Instructions: Heat oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion has softened, about 4 minutes. Stir in rice to coat; cook and stir for 2 minutes. Add vegetable broth and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce to a simmer, and cook until liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Stir in beans, cumin, and cayenne; cook until beans are warmed through. House of Aqua Editor's Note: This recipe is from The WEBB Cooks by Robyn Webb, courtesy of the American Diabetes Association.

Title: Trout Tacos
Ingredients: 16 white corn tortillas, 1/2 pound purple cabbage, thinly sliced, 2 green onions, sliced, green and white parts separated, 1/2 pound coleslaw mix, 3 tablespoons Mexican crema, plus more for serving, 1 teaspoon lime zest, or more to taste, lime wedges as needed, divided, 2 tablespoons cilantro leaves, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 trout filets, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon tapioca starch, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons chipotle powder, 1 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil for frying, or as needed, 1/2 cup prepared guacamole, or as needed for serving
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Wrap tortillas in foil. Bake tortillas in the preheated oven until warm, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, place cabbage, white parts of green onion, coleslaw mix, 3 tablespoons Mexican crema, lime zest, juice of 2 lime wedges, and cilantro in a large bowl. Toss to coat; season with salt and pepper. Set aside.. Carefully remove skin from trout. Cut each trout filet into 2- to 3-inch pieces. Stir tapioca starch, cumin, chipotle powder, and Mexican oregano together in a shallow bowl. Dip fish pieces into seasoning mixture to coat. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until hot. Add coated fish pieces; cook until golden brown and fish flakes easily with a fork, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a drip tray, and season with salt. Using 2 corn tortillas for each taco, divide fish, slaw, and guacamole between the tacos. Garnish each with green tops of scallions. Serve with remaining lime wedges and crema on the side. Enjoy!

Title: Divinity
Ingredients: 2 ⅔ cups white sugar, ⅔ cup light corn syrup, ½ cup water, 2  egg whites, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ⅔ cup chopped walnuts (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all your ingredients. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Heat sugar, corn syrup, and water in a 2-quart saucepan over low heat; stir continuously until sugar is dissolved and mixture comes to a boil. Continue to cook, without stirring, until the mixture reaches 250 degrees F (120 degrees C) or until a small amount of syrup dropped into cold water forms a rigid ball. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Beat egg whites in a 1 1/2-quart glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until stiff peaks form. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Continue to beat while slowly pouring hot syrup in a thin stream into egg whites ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Add vanilla; beat until mixture holds its shape and begins to lose its gloss. Fold in walnuts. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Drop from a greased spoon onto waxed paper. Let stand at room temperature, turning candy over once, until the outside of candy is firm, at least 12 hours. Store in an airtight container. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA

Title: Old-Fashioned Divinity Candy
Ingredients: 2 cups white sugar, ½ cup light corn syrup, ½ cup hot water, ¼ teaspoon salt, 2  egg whites, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, waxed paper
Instructions: Combine sugar, corn syrup, hot water, and salt in a heavy-bottomed 2-quart saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook and stir until sugar dissolves and mixture comes to a boil. Continue to cook, without stirring, until mixture reaches 250 degrees F (120 degrees C) on a candy thermometer, or until a small amount of syrup dropped into cold water forms a rigid ball. Frequently wipe crystals forming on the sides of the pan, using a pastry brush dipped in water. Remove from heat. Just as the syrup is reaching temperature, begin whipping egg whites: In a large glass or stainless steel mixing bowl, beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. Pour hot syrup in a thin stream over beaten egg whites, beating constantly with the electric mixer at medium speed. Increase speed to high, and continue beating for about 5 minutes. Add vanilla; continue beating until the mixture becomes stiff and begins to lose its gloss. If it is too stiff, add a few drops of hot water. Immediately drop by teaspoonfuls onto waxed paper. For a decorative flair, twirl the top with the spoon when dropping. Let stand until set and dry on the outside, at least 8 hours. Store in a single layer in an airtight container at room temperature.

Title: Peanut Butter Divinity Roll
Ingredients: 2 ½ cups white sugar, ⅔ cup light corn syrup, ⅓ cup water, 2  egg whites, 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar, or as needed, ½ cup peanut butter, or as needed
Instructions: Mix sugar, corn syrup, and water together in a deep pan; bring to a boil. Heat to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C), or until a small amount of syrup dropped into cold water forms a rigid ball (hard ball stage), about 15 minutes. Beat egg whites in a glass or metal bowl until stiff peaks form. Lift your beater or whisk straight up: the egg whites will form sharp peaks. Slowly pour sugar mixture over egg whites while beating with an electric mixer. Beat until candy clings to a spoon and loses some of its shine. Spread candy mixture onto a sheet of waxed paper; sprinkle with confectioners' sugar. Generously spread peanut butter over candy mixture. Roll candy into one large roll; cut into 2 rolls. Slice each roll into desired pieces.

Title: Gajar Ka Halwa (Carrot Halwa)
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons ghee or oil, 2 pounds carrots, grated, 1 ½ quarts whole milk, 2 cups white sugar, ½ cup raisins or sultanas, 1 ½ teaspoons ground cardamom, 1 pinch saffron threads, 8 tablespoons chopped pistachio nuts
Instructions: Heat ghee in a large saucepan over medium heat and add carrots. Cook and stir briefly, about 3 minutes. Pour in milk and increase heat; bring to a boil and cook, stirring constantly, for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and simmer gently, uncovered, and stirring occasionally until moisture evaporates, about 1 hour. Bring carrot mixture back to a boil; add sugar, raisins, cardamom, and saffron. Cook and stir until mixture has thickened, about 10 minutes. Ladle carrot halwa into 8 individual serving dishes. Top each serving with 1 tablespoon pistachios. Serve warm or chill before serving. Tips Use a hand grater to prepare the carrots. Using a food processor makes them too watery.

Title: Chicken Biryani
Ingredients: 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 4 small potatoes, peeled and halved, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root, 2  medium tomatoes, peeled and chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, ½ teaspoon chili powder, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, ½ teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, ½ teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 (2 inch) piece cinnamon stick, 3 pounds boneless, skinless chicken pieces cut into chunks, 1 pound basmati rice, 2 ½ tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, diced, 5 pods cardamom, 3  whole cloves, 1 (1 inch) piece cinnamon stick, ½ teaspoon ground ginger, 1 pinch powdered saffron, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 ½ teaspoons salt
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet. Fry potatoes in hot oil until lightly browned, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate to drain; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add remaining 2 tablespoons of oil to the skillet. Add onions, garlic, and fresh ginger; cook and stir until onion is soft and golden. Add tomatoes, salt, cumin, chili powder, pepper, and turmeric; cook, stirring constantly, for 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in yogurt, mint, ground cardamom, and cinnamon stick. Cover and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes are cooked to a pulp. It may be necessary to add a little hot water if mixture becomes too dry and starts to stick to the pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add chicken and stir well to coat. Cover and cook over very low heat until chicken is tender, 35 to 45 minutes. There should only be a little very thick gravy left when chicken is finished cooking. If necessary cook uncovered for a few minutes to reduce the gravy. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, make the rice: Wash rice well and drain in a colander for at least 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a large skillet. Add onion; cook and stir until golden. Add cardamom pods, cloves, cinnamon stick, ground ginger, and saffron; stir in rice until coated with spices. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat stock and salt in a medium pot until hot; pour over rice and stir well. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add chicken mixture and potatoes; stir gently to combine. Bring to a boil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to very low, cover with a tight-fitting lid, and steam for 20 minutes without lifting the lid or stirring. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon biryani onto a warm serving dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip You can use ghee instead of vegetable oil for a more authentic taste.

Title: Crispy Vegetable Pakoras
Ingredients: 1 cup chickpea flour, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground coriander, ½ teaspoon ground turmeric, ½ teaspoon chili powder, ½ teaspoon garam masala, ¾ cup water, 1 quart oil for deep frying, ½ head cauliflower florets, 2 medium onions, sliced into rings
Instructions: Sift chickpea flour into a medium bowl; mix in garlic, salt, coriander, turmeric, chili powder, and garam masala. Make a well in the center; gradually pour water into the well and mix to form a thick, smooth batter. Heat oil in a large heavy saucepan over medium-high heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). While the oil is heating, dip cauliflower florets and onion rings in batter to coat. Working in small batches, fry battered vegetables in hot oil until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels before serving. Editor's Note We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Mom's Apple Fritters
Ingredients: 1 quart vegetable oil for deep-frying, 1 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2/3 cup milk, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 cups apples - peeled, cored and chopped, 1 cup cinnamon-sugar
Instructions: Heat oil in a deep fryer or electric skillet to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Stir flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Pour in milk, eggs, and oil; stir until well blended. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix in apples until evenly distributed. Working in small batches to prevent overcrowding, drop spoonfuls of batter into the deep fryer and fry in hot oil until golden all over, about 5 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer fritters to a paper towel-lined plate. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Toss warm fritters with cinnamon sugar in a bowl until well coated. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS From the Editor We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. Amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Baked Apple Fritters
Ingredients: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, sifted, 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 pinch salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 1/2 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup chopped Honeycrisp apple, 1 cup confectioners' sugar, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk together all-purpose flour, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt in a large bowl. Cut in butter with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Whisk milk, egg, and vanilla extract together in a cup. Stir into flour mixture just until combined; stir in chopped apple. Use a scoop or spoon to drop 1/4-cup mounds onto prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until a skewer inserted near the center of fritter comes out clean, 11 to 12 minutes. Remove to a wire rack. Preheat the oven’s broiler. Whisk together confectioner's sugar, milk, and vanilla extract. Brush a thin layer of glaze over fritters, and place under broiler. Broil fritters until glaze is bubbly, about 2 minutes.

Title: Potato Chip Cookies
Ingredients: 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup very soft unsalted butter (2 sticks), 1 cup white sugar, 1/2 cup light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups lightly crushed potato chips, 1 cup dark chocolate chips
Instructions: Whisk flour, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl; set aside. Beat butter, white sugar, and brown sugar together with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add egg and mix until fully incorporated and the mixture is smooth. Add milk and vanilla and repeat. Stir potato chips and chocolate chips in with a spatula until just combined. Add flour mixture; continue mixing in with a spatula until flour disappears and dough comes together. Wrap and chill dough for about 30 minutes, or until ready to bake. Dough can be used immediately if desired. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line baking sheets with parchment. Scoop dough by rounded tablespoons onto the prepared baking sheet. Space evenly, as dough will spread when baked. Bake in the preheated oven until outside edges of cookies are lightly browned, about 12 minutes. Cool on the pan for about 5 minutes, before removing cookies to a wire rack to cool completely. For best results, let cool completely before serving. Chef John

Title: Gooey Butter Cookies
Ingredients: ¼ cup confectioners' sugar, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ½ cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 large egg, ¼ teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 (15.25 ounce) package yellow cake mix
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place confectioners' sugar into a shallow bowl. Beat cream cheese and butter with an electric mixer in a medium bowl until creamy. Stir in egg and vanilla. Add cake mix and stir until well blended. Roll dough into 1-inch balls. Roll balls in confectioners' sugar to coat; place 1 inch apart onto an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until set, 10 to 13 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer to wire racks to cool.

Title: Easy Nutella Cookies
Ingredients: ½ cup butter, at room temperature, ½ cup white sugar, 1  egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup chocolate-hazelnut spread (such as Nutella®), 1 cup all-purpose flour, ¼ cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 cup milk chocolate chips, ½ cup chopped hazelnuts
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with aluminum foil or parchment paper. Cream butter and sugar in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add egg and vanilla extract; beat well. Mix in chocolate-hazelnut spread until well-combined. Gradually mix in flour and cocoa powder. Stir in chocolate chips and hazelnuts. Drop spoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven for 8 minutes. Turn the oven off and allow the cookies to sit in the oven for 2 minutes more. Serve cookies warm or transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Tips Sliced hazelnuts can be used instead of chopped hazelnuts, if preferred. This can be divided into 2 separate batches. You can put the second batch in a plastic bag and refrigerate for a few days, or you could place in the freezer for a longer time. Let it come back to room temperature for a little bit before dropping onto the cookie sheet.

Title: Homemade Dumplings
Ingredients: 1 cup all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon white sugar, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter or margarine, ½ cup milk
Instructions: Stir together flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut in butter until mixture is crumbly. Stir in milk and mix until a batter forms that is thick enough to be scooped with a spoon. Allow batter to rest for 3 to 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drop batter by spoonfuls into boiling stew or soup. Cover and simmer without lifting the lid for 15 minutes. Serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tips To make parsley dumplings, add 1 tablespoon parsley flakes to the dry ingredients. For a finer consistency, sift the flour mixture.

Title: Gnocchi
Ingredients: 3 medium russet potatoes, scrubbed, 1 ½ cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon kosher salt
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with 2 inches of salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to medium-high and simmer, undisturbed, until tender but still firm, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain potatoes and place back in the pot to dry and cool slightly, 5 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios As soon as potatoes are cool enough to handle, peel potatoes by rubbing skins off with your hands. Pass peeled potatoes through a potato ricer into a large bowl (alternatively, mash until very smooth.) Let cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold in flour, egg, and salt until flour is incorporated and dough starts to hold together. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and gently knead once or twice until mostly smooth (do not overwork). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide dough into 4 even portions. Roll and shape each portions of the dough into long "snakes," about ¾-inch in diameter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut snakes into about 1/2-inch long pieces. (Optional: Roll each piece against the tines of a fork or a gnocchi board to make light ridges.) Transfer shaped gnocchi to a single layer on a parchment-lined baking sheet dusted with flour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high. Working in batches, drop in gnocchi and cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until gnocchi have risen to the top; transfer cooked gnocchi with a spider or slotted spoon to desired sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor This recipe was tested in our test kitchen in December 2023 and updated to use 2 pounds (about 3 medium) russet potatoes and less flour. The original recipe used 2 cups of flour.

Title: Limoncello Poppy Seed Chiffon Cake
Ingredients: 2 1/4 cups cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 large egg whites, at room temperature, 3/4 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 3/4 cups white sugar, divided, 6 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 3/4 cup limoncello liquor, 1/2 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 1/2 tablespoons freshly grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 1 1/2 cups confectioner's sugar, 3 tablespoons limoncello liquor, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 1/8 teaspoon salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Sift cake flour, baking powder, and 1 teaspoon salt together in a bowl. Combine egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl. Beat on medium speed with an electric mixer until mixture forms soft peaks. With the mixer running, gradually pour in 1/2 cup of the granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, and continue beating until mixture forms stiff, glossy peaks, 3 to 5 minutes. Set aside. In another bowl, add egg yolks and remaining 1 1/4 cups sugar. Beat until mixture has increased in volume and lightened in color, 3 to 5 minutes. Add in 3/4 cup limoncello, olive oil, 1/4 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon zest, and vanilla and mix until thoroughly combined. Pour in 1/2 of the sifted cake flour mixture and mix until just combined. Add in remaining flour mixture plus 1 tablespoon poppy seeds and mix on low speed until just combined. Add in 1/3 of the whipped egg whites, and gently fold in until no streaks of white remain. Add in remaining egg whites and fold gently until no streaks of white remain. Place an ungreased 10-inch tube pan with removable bottom onto a baking sheet. Pour batter evenly into the tube pan. Bake in the preheated oven until top of the cake begins to turn golden and feels mostly set, 55 to 65 minutes. Remove pan from oven and invert onto a wire rack to cool completely, about 90 minutes. Once cake is cooled, gently run a knife around the edges of the pan to loosen. Remove cake, then run knife along the top and center to remove from the pan insert. Place cake onto a serving platter. To make glaze, whisk together powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons limoncello, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest, and 1/8 teaspoon salt until smooth. Pour glaze over cooled cake.

Title: Fried Deviled Eggs
Ingredients: canola oil, for frying, 6 large hard boiled eggs, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise (such as Duke’s), 2 teaspoons finely chopped dill pickle relish, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup panko (Japanese-style bread crumbs), 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, chopped fresh chives and paprika, hot sauce, for serving
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat 1 1/2 inches of oil in a large Dutch oven or heavy-bottomed pot to 360 degrees F (180 degrees C) over medium-high. While oil is heating, cut hard-cooked eggs in half lengthwise, carefully remove yolks, and place in a small bowl. Using a fork, mash together yolks, mayonnaise, relish, Dijon, black pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon of the salt until smooth and combined. Transfer to a piping bag or zip-top plastic bag. Set aside until ready to use. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place flour in a small bowl. In another bowl, place beaten eggs. In a third bowl, mix together panko bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, garlic powder, cayenne, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. Dredge each egg white half in flour, gently shaking to remove excess flour before dipping it in the beaten eggs. Lift egg white half from beaten egg and allow it to drip until excess liquid has fallen off. Finally, dredge in panko bread crumb mixture. Set aside on a clean plate. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Working in 2 batches, fry coated egg whites in hot oil until golden brown, about 30 seconds to 1 minute, adjusting heat as needed to maintain at least 360 degrees F (180 degrees C). Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pipe egg yolk mixture evenly (about 1 tablespoon each) into center divet in fried eggs. Garnish with chives and paprika. Serve warm with hot sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Asparagus and Ham Quiche Bites
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 bunch thin fresh asparagus, 2 ounces smoked ham, cut into 1/8-inch by 1/4-inch pieces, 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 7 large eggs, 1/3 cup cream or milk, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, cayenne pepper to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease 2 mini muffin tins with melted butter; set aside. Trim tough ends from fresh asparagus spears. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil; cook asparagus in boiling water just until bright green, 1 to 2 minutes, then transfer into a bowl of cold water to stop the cooking process. Drain very well. Cut off the asparagus tips and set aside. Slice enough of the remaining spears into 1/4-inch pieces to measure about 3/4 cup pieces. Reserve any leftover asparagus for another use. Place 4 or 5 pieces of cut ham into the bottom of each muffin cup. Top ham with about 1 rounded teaspoon of asparagus pieces. Top asparagus with 1 teaspoon of grated cheese. Whisk eggs, cream, salt, black pepper, and cayenne together very thoroughly, being sure that all the egg whites have been completely mixed in. Transfer into a pourable cup or container. Fill each mini muffin cup to the top with egg mixture. There may be some egg mixture leftover depending on how much ham, asparagus, and cheese were added to each cup. Top each cup with 1 or 2 reserved asparagus tips; add another teaspoon cheese on top. Dust tops with cayenne if desired. Bake in the preheated oven until egg bites are lightly golden brown on top, and egg is just set, about 18 minutes. Cool in pans for 10 to 15 minutes before removing. To remove, go around the sides of each cup with a thin knife and carefully lift out the quiche bites. Serve warm, at room temperature, or cold. John Mitzewich Chef's Note: This is a very simple recipe, but the exact ingredient amounts are very hard to determine, depending on the size of asparagus spears and how big asparagus and ham pieces are cut.

Title: Copycat Chili's Southwestern Eggrolls
Ingredients: 1 avocado, halved lengthwise, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1/4 cup whole buttermilk, 1 tablespoon ranch dressing mix, 1 1/2 cups finely chopped rotisserie chicken (about 8 ounces), 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 1/2 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1/2 cup drained and rinsed canned black beans, 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh baby spinach, 1/4 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 1/4 cup thinly sliced scallions, 1 tablespoon finely chopped pickled jalapeño chile, 1 1/2 tablespoons taco seasoning, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 (8 inch) flour tortillas, 2 cups vegetable oil, for frying, or as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mash 1 avocado half with a fork until smooth and creamy in a small bowl. Save remaining avocado half for another use. Whisk in mayonnaise, buttermilk, and ranch seasoning until smooth. Cover and refrigerate avocado ranch dip until ready to use. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir together chicken, cheese, corn, black beans, spinach, red bell pepper, scallions, pickled jalapeno, taco seasoning, and salt until well combined in a medium bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place about 1/2 cup of filling in the center of a tortilla. Fold in two sides of the tortilla over the filling and roll up very tightly. Secure seam with a toothpick. Transfer eggroll to a large plate. Repeat process with remaining tortillas and chicken mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour oil to a depth of 1/2-inch in a 12-inch cast-iron skillet over medium-high until a thermometer reads 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), about 8 minutes. Add 3 to 4 eggrolls into hot oil, seam side down, and cook, until golden brown and crispy all over, 3 to 4 minutes, flipping halfway through cooking. Transfer to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Repeat with remaining eggrolls. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove toothpicks and slice each eggroll at an angle. Serve with avocado ranch dip. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. Amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Easter Egg Rolls
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon minced or finely grated fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup julienne (matchstick-cut) or shredded carrot, 4 cups thinly sliced green cabbage, 1/3 cup thinly sliced green onions, 1/2 cup thinly sliced large brown button mushrooms, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 ounces dry rice vermicelli noodles, 1/2 cup frozen green peas, thawed, well drained, 6 ounces deli ham, cut into thin strips, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 large (6 to 7-inch) square egg roll wrappers, 1 large egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon water for egg wash, 2 cups high smoke point vegetable oil for frying, or as needed, 3/4 cup yellow or Dijon mustard, 1/4 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon Sriracha hot sauce, or to taste
Instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over medium-high heat, and add garlic and ginger. Stir-fry until fragrant but not browned, about 30 seconds, then add carrot, cabbage, green onions, mushrooms, and salt. Sook, stirring, for a few minutes or until the vegetables just start to soften up and lose their rigidity. Stir in sesame oil and oyster sauce, and cook for 1 minute more; reduce the heat to medium-low. Add the uncooked vermicelli noodles, and use tongs to cover noodles with hot vegetable mixture. The noodles will quickly loosen up and separate; continue to use tongs to toss and stir everything until uniformly mixed. Transfer mixture to a bowl, and add peas, ham, cayenne, and black pepper. Mix thoroughly to combine. Taste for seasoning, and add more salt if desired. Let mixture cool, then wrap and transfer into the refrigerator until ready to use. Place 1 egg roll wrapper on a clean work surface, and position it in a diamond shape. Paint egg wash on all 4 edges. Spoon about 1/3 cup of filling on the bottom third of the wrapper. Make sure it’s centered and evenly distributed. Fold the bottom tip of the wrapper up and over the filling and roll once to cover filling. Fold in sides, making sure to cover filling and align sides nice and straight. Finish rolling egg roll up, ending with the tip and seam at the bottom. Repeat with remaining wrappers and filling. Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry egg rolls until browned and crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate and let rest for a minute or two before serving. Optional: Whisk mustard, rice vinegar, and sriracha together in a small bowl. Serve egg rolls with mustard sauce, or other prepared egg roll sauce. John Mitzewich Chef's Notes: If shallow frying in a pan, like in the video, I like to turn the egg rolls every minute or so until done to ensure an even browning. Instead of cutting the cabbage and carrot, you can use the same amount of a ready-made coleslaw mix from the store. I like tender vegetables in my egg roll, but if you want a crunchier filling texture, cut the vegetables into larger matchsticks, and/or cook them less in the pan. From the Editor: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. Amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: You Can Make Cheesecake Factory Avocado Egg Rolls in Your Air Fryer With This Copycat Recipe
Ingredients: 1/2 cup raw cashews, 1/4 cup olive oil, 3 tbsp honey, 2 tbsp thinly sliced scallions, 3 medium garlic cloves, crushed, 1 1/2 tbsp balsamic vinegar, 2 tsp tamarind purée, 2 tsp tamari, 1/2 tsp ground turmeric, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, divided, 1/4 cup tap water, divided, 3 tbsp fresh lime juice, divided (from 2 medium limes), 1 1/4 tsp kosher salt, divided, 3 small avocados, diced (about 3 cups), 1/3 cup finely chopped red onion, 1/3 cup sun dried tomatoes packed in oil, chopped, 10 7-inch square egg roll wrappers, Cooking spray
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Process cashews, olive oil, honey, scallions, garlic, vinegar, tamarind purée, tamari, turmeric, 2/3 cup of the cilantro, 2 tablespoons of the water, 2 tablespoons of the lime juice, and 3/4 teaspoon of the salt in a blender until smooth and cashews are finely chopped, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a medium bowl, cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir together avocados, red onion, sun-dried tomatoes, the remaining 1/3 cup cilantro, the remaining 1 tablespoon lime juice, and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl until fully combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place the remaining 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl next to a clean work surface. Place one egg roll wrapper on the work surface with a corner facing you. Spoon about 3 tablespoons of the avocado mixture horizontally across the center of wrapper, leaving 2-inches uncovered toward the side corners. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dip your finger in water and dab over all outer edges of the egg roll wrapper. Fold the corner closest to you up and over about 1/2-inch over the avocado mixture; press lightly to adhere. Then fold the side corners over the filling to create an envelope shape. Roll up to form an egg roll shape, pressing the last corner to the outside of the egg roll to adhere. Place the egg roll on a baking sheet or large plate and repeat with the remaining wrappers and filling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat air fryer to 390°F according to manufacturer’s instructions, about 12 minutes. Lightly coat the air fryer basket with cooking spray. Working in batches if needed, place the egg rolls in the basket and generously coat with cooking spray. Cook in the air fryer, turning twice during the cooking process, until deeply golden brown and crispy, about 12 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer the rolls to a serving plate or platter, and serve immediately with the reserved tamarind-cashew dipping sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Delicious Egg Salad
Ingredients: 8 large eggs, ½ cup mayonnaise, ¼ cup chopped green onion, 1 teaspoon prepared yellow mustard, ¼ teaspoon paprika, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel, and chop. Place chopped eggs in a bowl; stir in mayonnaise, green onion, and mustard. Season with paprika, salt, and pepper. Stir and serve on your favorite bread, crackers, or salad greens. From the Editor Read our article to find out how to boil eggs perfectly every time!

Title: Air Fryer Loaded Egg Salad Sandwiches
Ingredients: 8 large eggs, 4 slices bacon, crisp-cooked and crumbled, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced green onion, 2 teaspoons sweet pickle relish, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons Sriracha sauce, 3/4 teaspoon dried dill, 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon paprika, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 8 slices whole-grain seeded bread, 4 leaves romaine lettuce, torn
Instructions: Preheat air fryer to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Arrange whole eggs in shells in an even layer in the fryer basket; cook for 20 minutes. Immediately plunge eggs into an ice bath. Let stand until cool, about 5 minutes; drain. Peel and coarsely chop eggs Meanwhile, stir together bacon, celery, mayonnaise, onion, relish, mustard, sriracha, dill, Worcestershire, black pepper, paprika, and salt in a large bowl. Gently stir chopped eggs into mayonnaise mixture until combined. Chill, covered, at least 1 hour or up to 3 days. Serve egg salad in bread with lettuce.

Title: Curried Egg Sandwiches
Ingredients: 4  hard-cooked eggs, peeled and chopped, ½ cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon curry powder, salt and pepper to taste, 8 slices bread
Instructions: Gather your ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix together mayonnaise and curry powder in a bowl. Gently stir in eggs, then season to taste with salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Evenly divide between 4 slices of bread, top with remaining 4 slices. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Crown Jewel Holiday Cocktail
Ingredients: 2 fluid ounces whiskey, 2 fluid ounces eggnog, 1/2 fluid ounce triple sec or other orange liqueur, 1 cinnamon stick or orange twist
Instructions: Add whiskey, eggnog, and orange liqueur to a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with ice and shake well. Pour into a frosted martini glass and garnish with a cinnamon stick or orange twist.

Title: Rich Almond Milk Eggnog
Ingredients: 1 duck egg, 1 cup vanilla almond milk, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons non-dairy whipped topping, 1 pinch ground nutmeg
Instructions: Crack duck egg into a glass bowl. Using an electric wire whip, whip egg until yellow and frothy. Add almond milk, sugar, and vanilla; whip until combined. Divide beverage between two cups. Garnish with non-dairy whipped topping and freshly grated nutmeg. Serve immediately. From the Editor: This recipe contains raw egg. We recommend that pregnant women, young children, older adults, and the immunocompromised do not consume raw egg. Learn more about egg safety from our article, How to Make Your Eggs Safe.

Title: Ponche de Crème (Trinidad's Eggnog)
Ingredients: 6 large eggs, beaten, 2 teaspoons grated lime zest, 3 (14 ounce) cans sweetened condensed milk, ¾ cup canned evaporated milk, 1 ½ cups rum, 1 tablespoon aromatic bitters, 1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg
Instructions: Beat eggs and lime zest in a large bowl using an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Gradually pour in condensed milk while continuing to mix, and then pour in evaporated milk. Stir in rum and bitters and sprinkle with nutmeg. Transfer to a bottle and chill for at least 1 hour before serving. Serve over crushed ice. Editor's Notes: This recipe contains raw egg. We recommend that pregnant women, young children, older adults, and the immunocompromised do not consume raw egg. Learn more about egg safety from our article, How to Make Your Eggs Safe. You may replace the 6 eggs in this recipe with 1 1/2 cups of purchased pasteurized egg product. You may also pasteurize your own eggs by heating in a bowl over a pan of simmering water. Stir constantly so you do not cook the eggs, and heat to 160 degrees F (68 degrees C).

Title: Eggplant Parmesan
Ingredients: 3 large eggplant, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 large eggs, beaten, 4 cups Italian seasoned bread crumbs, 6 cups spaghetti sauce, divided, 1 (16 ounce) package mozzarella cheese, shredded and divided, ½ cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided, ½ teaspoon dried basil
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dip eggplant slices in beaten egg, then in bread crumbs to coat. Place in a single layer on a baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 5 minutes. Flip and bake for 5 more minutes. Spread spaghetti sauce to cover the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. Place a layer of eggplant slices in the sauce. Sprinkle with mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Repeat layers with remaining sauce, eggplant, and cheese, ending with a cheese layer. Sprinkle basil on top. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Air Fryer Eggplant Parmesan
Ingredients: ½ cup Italian bread crumbs, ¼ cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon dried basil, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, ½ teaspoon onion powder, ½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, ¼ cup flour, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 medium eggplant, sliced into 1/2-inch rounds, 1 cup marinara sauce, or more to taste, 8 slices mozzarella cheese, or as needed
Instructions: Combine bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, Italian seasoning, salt, basil, garlic powder, onion powder, and black pepper in a shallow bowl. Place flour in a separate shallow bowl and beaten eggs in a third shallow bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dip sliced eggplant first in flour, then in beaten eggs, and finally coat with bread crumb mixture. Place coated eggplant on a tray and let rest for 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat an air fryer to 370 degrees F (185 degrees C). Place breaded eggplant rounds in the air fryer basket, making sure they are not touching; work in batches if necessary. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes, flip each round, and cook until desired crispiness is achieved, 4 to 6 minutes more. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top each eggplant round with marinara sauce and 1 slice of mozzarella cheese. Place the basket back in the air fryer and cook until cheese has started to melt, 1 to 2 minutes. Repeat with remaining eggplant, if necessary. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Baked Eggplant Parmesan
Ingredients: 2 eggplant, peeled and cut into ½-inch slices, 1 tablespoon salt, or as needed, 1 cup Italian-style bread crumbs, ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2  eggs, beaten, 1 (28 ounce) jar garlic-and-tomato pasta sauce, ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 (16 ounce) package shredded mozzarella cheese, or as needed, ½ teaspoon dried basil
Instructions: Place eggplant slices in a colander; sprinkle both sides of each slice with salt. Allow to sit for at least 3 hours. Wipe excess moisture from eggplant slices with paper towels. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet. Mix bread crumbs and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese together in a shallow bowl. Beat eggs in a separate shallow bowl. Dip eggplant slices in beaten egg. Lift up so excess egg drips back into the bowl. Press into bread crumbs to coat both sides; arrange coated eggplant slices in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned and crisp, about 5 minutes per side. Cover the bottom of a 9x13-inch casserole dish with a layer of pasta sauce; top with a layer of eggplant slices. Sprinkle with about 1 tablespoon of the remaining Parmesan cheese and 1/3 of the mozzarella cheese. Repeat layers with remaining ingredients, ending with a cheese layer. Sprinkle with basil. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is bubbling and golden brown, about 35 minutes. Cook’s Note Fresh basil leaves added in one of the layers will add a lot of fresh flavor. You can also add fresh garlic and fresh basil to the sauce if you like. I like to add 2 to 4 cloves of fresh garlic and 5 to 10 leaves of freshly harvested basil. Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of salt and breading used on the eggplant. The actual amount consumed will vary.

Title: Empanadas (Beef Turnovers)
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon Goya Extra Virgin Olive Oil, ½ pound ground beef, ½ medium yellow onion, finely chopped, ¼ cup Goya Tomato Sauce, 6  Goya Spanish Olives Stuffed with Minced Pimientos, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons Goya Sofrito, 1 packet Sazon Goya with Coriander and Annatto, 1 teaspoon Goya Minced Garlic, ½ teaspoon Goya Dried Oregano, Goya Ground Black Pepper, to taste, 1 (14 ounce) package yellow or white Goya Discos empanada discs, thawed, 1 quart Goya Corn Oil, for frying
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add ground beef; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Add onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in tomato sauce, olives, sofrito, sazón, garlic, oregano, and pepper. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until mixture thickens, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll empanada disks on a lightly floured surface until 1/2 inch larger in diameter. Spoon about 1 tablespoon meat mixture into the middle of each disk. Moisten the disk edges with water, fold in half over filling to form a half-moon, and pinch to seal (or seal with a fork). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat 2 1/2 inches corn oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Working in batches, fry empanadas until crisp and golden brown, flipping once, 4 to 6 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer to paper towels to drain. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios La Cocina Goya Cooking Tip: Crispy empanadas, guaranteed! If you don't have a deep-fry thermometer, you can still estimate the temperature of the oil. Just place the handle of your wooden spoon (or a wooden chopstick) into the oil. If a steady stream of bubbles emerges from the wood, the oil is perfect. If the oil starts rapidly bubbling, or if only a few bubbles are present, then the oil is too hot or too cold, respectively.

Title: Pumpkin Empanadas
Ingredients: 3 cups all-purpose flour, ⅓ cup white sugar, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, ¼ teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup warm water, 4 cups canned pure pumpkin, 1 cup white sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 ½ teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, ½ teaspoon ground cloves, 1 large beaten egg
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line baking sheets with parchment paper. Make dough: Whisk together flour, sugar, salt, and baking powder in a large bowl. Cut shortening into flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in warm water, 2 tablespoons at a time, just until dough starts coming together. Knead dough a few times in the bowl. Transfer dough out onto a floured surface. Cut dough in quarters, then cut each quarter into thirds to make 12 equal portions. Roll each portion into a ball. Cover with a cloth and allow to rest while you make filling. Make filling: Mix together pumpkin, sugar, eggs, cinnamon, salt, ginger, and cloves in a large bowl until smooth. Roll each dough ball out on a floured surface into a thin, 6-inch circle. Spoon about 1/3 cup filling into the center of each dough circle. Fold dough over filling to make a half-moon-shaped pie, then crimp the edges together with a fork. Place onto the prepared baking sheets. Brush the tops with beaten egg. Bake in the preheated oven until the filling is hot and crusts are shiny and browned, about 20 minutes. valerieware

Title: Fried Empanadas
Ingredients: 4 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, ½ cup shortening, 1 ¼ cups water, or as needed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 ½ pounds ground beef, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon cumin, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pinch salt, ½ cup raisins, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 2 large hard-cooked eggs, peeled and chopped, 1 quart oil for frying, or as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Make the dough: Stir flour and salt together in a medium bowl. Cut in shortening using a pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Use a fork to stir in water, a few tablespoons at a time, until the mixture comes together. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pat into a ball and flatten slightly. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Make the filling while dough is chilling: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add beef, paprika, cumin, pepper, and salt; cook and stir until beef is browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drain excess grease, then stir in the raisins and vinegar. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove dough and filling from the refrigerator. Form dough into twenty-four 2-inch balls. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir hard-cooked eggs into filling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 365 degrees F (180 degrees C). While the oil is heating, roll one ball dough on a floured surface into a thin circle. Spoon some filling onto the center, fold dough into a half-moon shape, and press the edges with your fingers to seal. Repeat to fill and form remaining empanadas. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Working in batches, fry 1 to 2 empanadas at a time in hot oil until browned, about 2 1/2 minutes per side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drain on paper towels. Serve hot. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Beef Enchilada Bake
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large bell pepper, any color, diced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 (15 ounce) can chili beans, salt and pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 (15 ounce) can red enchilada sauce, divided, 12 corn tortillas, 12 ounces Mexican blend shredded cheese, cilantro, for garnish (optional), sour cream, for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add olive oil, then add onions. Sauté until onions just start to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add bell pepper; sauté 1 to 2 minutes. Add garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add ground beef; cook, breaking up beef with a spatula, until browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Drain any grease. Stir in chili beans. Season with salt, black pepper, and cumin. Stir in 1 cup enchilada sauce, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, spread remaining enchilada sauce evenly in the bottom of a 10x8-inch baking dish. Using a sharp knife, carefully cut a straight edge off one side of the tortillas. Place 4 tortillas with the cut edge facing the sides of the dish. Spread half of the beef mixture over tortillas and top with 3 ounces cheese. Add another layer of tortillas, then beef mixture and 3 ounces cheese to create the second layer. Repeat layers ending with remaining cheese. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove foil; bake until cheese is lightly browned, 5 to 10 minutes more. Remove from the oven; allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with sour cream and chopped cilantro if desired.

Title: Enchilada Sauce with Chocolate
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup diced onion, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, ¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 5 tablespoons hot chili powder, 4 ½ cups chicken broth, ½ (1 ounce) square semisweet chocolate
Instructions: Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high high heat. Sauté onion until tender. Stir in garlic, oregano, cumin and cinnamon; sauté for a few minutes. Stir in flour and chili powder until sauce thickens. Slowly whisk in chicken broth; reduce until sauce reaches desired consistency. Stir in chocolate until melted and well blended.

Title: Enchiladas Verdes
Ingredients: 2 ¼ pounds small green tomatillos, husks removed, 3  serrano peppers, 2 cloves garlic, 1 cup vegetable oil for frying, 9  corn tortillas, 3 cups water, 4 teaspoons chicken bouillon granules, ½  store-bought rotisserie chicken, meat removed and shredded, ¼ head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 1 cup cilantro leaves, 1 (8 ounce) container Mexican crema, crema fresca, 1 cup grated cotija cheese
Instructions: Cover a large griddle with aluminum foil and preheat to medium-high. Cook tomatillos, serrano peppers, and garlic on the hot griddle, turning occasionally, until toasted and blackened — about 5 minutes for garlic, 10 minutes for peppers, and 15 minutes for tomatillos. Remove to a bowl and allow to cool. Heat oil in a small, deep skillet to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly fry tortillas, one at a time, in hot oil until warmed through, 3 to 5 seconds per side. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Place toasted tomatillos, serrano peppers, and garlic in a blender. Add water and blend until smooth; pour into a saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil. Dissolve chicken bouillon in the mixture, reduce heat, and cook at a simmer until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Soak tortillas in sauce, one at a time, for a few seconds. Fill each tortilla with shredded chicken and sprinkle with sauce. Roll up tortillas and place seam-side down in a serving dish. Spoon a generous amount of sauce over rolled tortillas. Top with lettuce, cilantro, crema, and cotija cheese. Pour remaining sauce on top or serve on the side. Christine Elizabeth Editor's Notes: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used. Please note the differences in ingredient amounts when using the magazine version of this recipe.

Title: Carrot Cake Energy Balls
Ingredients: 15 pitted Deglet Noor dates, 5 dried apricots, 1 cup chopped carrot, 1 cup chopped walnuts, ⅓ cup unsweetened coconut flakes, ¼ cup toasted almond butter, 2 tablespoons flax seed meal, 1 ½ teaspoons ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon ground ginger, ¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pinch salt
Instructions: Combine dates and apricots in a small measuring cup or bowl. Add enough hot water to cover and allow fruit to soak for 15 minutes to soften. Drain dates and apricots and add to the bowl of a food processor. Add carrots, walnuts, coconut flakes, almond butter, flax meal, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, vanilla extract, and salt. Pulse, scraping down the sides frequently, until mixture comes together to form a mostly smooth, sticky dough, 5 to 7 minutes. Scoop out tablespoon-sized balls of dough using a lightly greased tablespoon measure. Roll into balls with lightly greased hands. Place bites into an airtight container and freeze until set, at least 1 hour. Keep stored in the freezer. Cook's Notes You can process the dough until whatever consistency you prefer — process for a shorter time for a slightly chunkier texture, or longer for a smoother one. Just be sure to continually scrape the sides of the processor bowl so everything combines completely. If the dough isn't coming together easily, try adding in water, 1 tablespoon at a time, to help it come together. If the dough is too sticky to roll into balls, place into the freezer until slightly chilled, then proceed with rolling. Sweetened coconut may be used in place of unsweetened and pecans may be used in place of walnuts, if desired. Roll each bite in extra unsweetened coconut flakes, if desired. The number of bites you get from this recipe will depend on how big you make them.

Title: Energy Balls
Ingredients: 1 cup old-fashioned oats, ½ cup peanut butter, ½ cup ground flax seed, ½ cup chocolate chips, ⅓ cup honey, 1 tablespoon chia seeds (Optional), 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine oats, peanut butter, ground flaxseed, chocolate chips, honey, chia seeds, and vanilla extract together in a bowl. Cover and chill the dough in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove chilled dough from the refrigerator; roll into twenty 1-inch diameter balls. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note You can press dough into a parchment-lined baking sheet and cut into bars as an alternative to balls, if you prefer. Store in an airtight container and refrigerate for up to 1 week.

Title: No-Bake Energy Bites
Ingredients: 1 cup rolled oats, ½ cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips, ½ cup ground flax seed, ½ cup crunchy peanut butter, ⅓ cup honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Stir oats, chocolate chips, flax seed, peanut butter, honey, and vanilla extract together in a bowl. Roll dough into 24 balls with your hands. Arrange balls on a baking sheet and freeze until set, about 1 hour.

Title: English Muffins
Ingredients: 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 cup warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C), 1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast, 6 cups all-purpose flour, ¼ cup melted shortening, 1 teaspoon salt, ¼ cup cornmeal, or more as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Warm milk in a small saucepan until it bubbles, then remove from heat. Stir in sugar until dissolved and let cool until lukewarm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix together warm water and yeast in a small bowl; let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine milk mixture, yeast mixture, 3 cups flour, and shortening in a large bowl; beat until smooth. Mix in salt and remaining 3 cups flour; knead until a soft dough forms. Place in a greased bowl, cover, and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Punch down dough. Roll on a lightly floured surface to about 1/2-inch thick. Cut rounds with a biscuit cutter, drinking glass, or empty tuna can. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle cornmeal on waxed paper and place dough rounds on top. Dust tops with cornmeal, cover, and let rise for 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat a greased griddle over medium heat. Cook muffins on griddle until lightly browned, about 10 minutes per side. Split and toast as desired. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip Store leftover muffins in a resealable plastic bag.

Title: Portuguese Muffins - Bolo Levedo
Ingredients: 1 (.25 ounce) envelope active dry yeast, ¼ cup warm water, 6 cups all-purpose flour, 1 cup white sugar, 3  eggs, ¼ cup melted butter, cooled, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 ¼ cups milk
Instructions: In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water with a pinch of the sugar. Set aside to ferment, about 10 minutes. Transfer the yeast mixture to a large bowl, and stir in the sugar, eggs, salt, flour, and milk until the dough comes together. Stir in the melted butter, then turn the dough out onto a floured surface, and knead for about 10 minutes, or until smooth and elastic. Cover dough with a cloth and set aside to rise until doubled in bulk, about 45 minutes. Divide dough into about 15 to 20 pieces, and shape them into flat round cakes about 1/2 inch thick. Place a cloth on the table and dust it with flour. Arrange the cakes on the cloth, allowing space for rising. Allow them to set for 1 1/2 hours. Place the cakes in a heavy ungreased skillet, and cook over low heat. Fry the cakes on each side until golden.

Title: Sourdough English Muffins
Ingredients: 1 cup milk, ½ cup sourdough starter, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ cup unbleached all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon cornmeal, or as needed
Instructions: Stir milk and sourdough starter together in a large bowl until mostly smooth. Mix in flour. Cover bowl and leave to ferment at room temperature, 8 hours to overnight. Add sugar, baking soda, and salt to the preferment, stirring just enough to incorporate. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead for 4 to 5 minutes, adding as much of the 1/2 cup flour as needed to make the dough workable. Use a rolling pin to flatten dough to an even 1/2-inch thickness. Cut into 4-inch rounds using a clean tuna can or biscuit cutter; keep edges well floured to avoid sticking. Sprinkle a thin layer of cornmeal over a sheet of waxed paper. Arrange cut-outs over the cornmeal. Sprinkle a thin layer over the dough. Let rest for 45 minutes. Heat a griddle or cast iron skillet over medium-low heat. Cook English muffins until lightly browned, 5 to 6 minutes. Cool on a wire rack. Cook’s Note You will be surprised at the amount of oven-spring these muffins have. They jump right up from the heat of the griddle. Trial and error is how you will find the correct temperature to cook your muffins. Each stovetop is different, which makes it hard to guide on that.

Title: Louisiana Crawfish Étouffée
Ingredients: 3 cups long grain white rice, 7 cups water, divided, ¾ cup butter, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons canned tomato sauce, 1 pound crawfish tails, 6  green onions, chopped, salt and pepper to taste, 1 ½ tablespoons Cajun seasoning, or to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine rice and 6 cups water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, cover the pan, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While rice cooks, melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring, until transparent. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in flour until blended. Gradually stir in tomato sauce and remaining 1 cup water. Add crawfish tails and bring to a simmer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in green onions and season with salt, pepper, and Cajun seasoning. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to low and simmer until crawfish is cooked through but not tough, 5 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve étouffée over cooked rice. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chef John's Shrimp Étouffée
Ingredients: ¾ teaspoon paprika, ¼ teaspoon ground thyme, ¼ teaspoon dried oregano, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, ¼ teaspoon garlic powder, ¼ teaspoon onion powder, ¼ teaspoon white pepper, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 ¾ cups chicken stock, or as needed, 3 tablespoons butter, ⅓ cup diced onion, ⅓ cup diced green bell pepper, ⅓ cup thinly sliced celery, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, or as needed, ½ cup diced tomatoes, ½ teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 dash hot sauce, or more to taste, salt to taste, ¼ cup sliced green onions, cayenne pepper for garnish, 2 cups cooked rice, or to taste
Instructions: For the spice blend: Whisk paprika, thyme, oregano, cayenne, garlic powder, onion powder, white pepper, and black pepper together in a small bowl. For the étouffée: Drain shrimp in a colander for at least 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl lined with paper towels and dry shrimp for about 3 minutes. Remove paper towels from the bowl. Season shrimp with salt and 1 teaspoon spice blend; toss to coat. Heat oil in a large heavy skillet over high heat until oil is smoking. Cook shrimp in hot oil without stirring for 1 minute; stir, and cook 1 minute more. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer shrimp to a large bowl. Let stand until juice collects in the bowl. Strain shrimp juices into chicken stock to total 2 cups, adding more chicken stock if necessary. Set aside. Melt butter in the same skillet over medium heat until butter begins to turn tan at the edges. Sauté onion, bell pepper, and celery in hot butter until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in remaining spice blend. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle flour into vegetable mixture and sauté until combined, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in tomatoes; cook until tomato juices begin to brown on the bottom of the pan, about 3 minutes. Whisk in chicken stock mixture, stirring until smooth. Bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened and reduced to a gravy consistency, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in Worcestershire and hot sauce. Season with salt to taste. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir shrimp into étouffée sauce; let simmer until shrimp are cooked all the way through and no longer translucent, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Garnish with green onions and a dusting of cayenne pepper. Pour over rice in large, shallow bowls. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Chicken Etouffee
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, ¼ cup butter, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1 (16 ounce) package skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cubed, 1  green bell pepper, chopped, 1  onion, chopped, 3 stalks celery, chopped, or more to taste, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons butter, or more to taste, 1 cup water, or as needed to cover, 4  bay leaves, 3 cups cooked rice
Instructions: Whisk flour, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper together in a bowl. Heat 1/4 cup butter and olive oil in a large skillet. Dredge chicken cubes in seasoned flour and fry in the hot butter and oil until golden brown and no longer pink inside, about 10 minutes. Remove chicken, leaving butter mixture in skillet. Reduce heat to low. Stir 1 tablespoon leftover seasoned flour into pan drippings in skillet; cook and stir until the mixture forms a paste and cooks to the color of dark caramel, 10 to 15 minutes. Watch carefully and stir constantly to avoid burning. Add bell pepper, onion, celery, garlic, and 2 more tablespoons butter to flour paste and toss to coat vegetables with butter and browned flour mixture. Cook and stir until vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Pour in enough water to cover vegetables, add bay leaves, and bring to a simmer. Return chicken to skillet and cook until flavors are blended, about 10 more minutes. Serve with cooked rice. Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the breading ingredients. The actual amount of the breading consumed will vary.

Title: Sheet Pan Steak and Shrimp Fajitas
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 pound sirloin steak, sliced 1/4-inch thick across the grain, 16 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 lime, halved, 1/2 cup fresh cilantro sprigs, 8 (8-inch) flour tortillas
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Combine chili powder, smoked paprika, oregano, salt, cumin, garlic powder, and cayenne in a small bowl. In a large bowl, combine green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and onion with 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil and 1/2 of dry seasoning mixture. Toss until evenly coated with seasoning mixture and spread out in a single layer on one of the prepared pans. Meanwhile, in the same large bowl, toss steak and shrimp with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil; add remaining seasoning and toss again. Place steak on one side of second prepared pan, with shrimp on the other side of pan. Place steak and shrimp on a rack below vegetables and roast both pans for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, swap rack positions of the pans, bringing the lower pan up, and placing the other pan on the rack below. Continue roasting until shrimp is pink and tightly curled, steak is cooked to medium, and vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes more. An instant read thermometer inserted in center of steak should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) . If steak or vegetables require more time, remove shrimp to a plate and keep warm, while other ingredients continue cooking. Squeeze juice of half a lime over contents of each sheet pan. To serve: Place a few steak strips, onion and pepper strips, 2 shrimp, and some cilantro on each tortilla. Roll up tortillas and contents jelly-roll fashion, and enjoy! Cook’s Note Two pans are used in this recipe to avoid crowding food in the pans, allowing food to roast rather than steam. We like these fajitas with avocado slices, cheese, sour cream, and cilantro, but you may add any toppings you and your family like!

Title: Skillet Shrimp Fajitas with Cilantro-Lime Cream
Ingredients: 1 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 2 limes, zested and juiced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 3/4 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1/2 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 green pepper, sliced vertically, 1 red pepper, sliced vertically, 1/4 cup olive oil or avocado oil, divided, 1 lime, juiced, divided, 10 flour tortillas, warmed, 1 avocado - peeled, pitted, and sliced (optional), 1 cup purchased or homemade pico de gallo, (optional), 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped (optional)
Instructions: For cilantro-lime cream, place sour cream in a small bowl with a lid. Add cilantro, zest and juice of 2 limes, garlic, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Stir together well, cover, and refrigerate until ready to serve. For fajita seasoning, combine chili powder, cayenne pepper, cumin, paprika, oregano, salt and pepper in a small bowl; set aside. In a large bowl or resealable plastic bag, add 2 tablespoons oil, half of lime juice, and fajita seasoning. Stir together or squeeze the bag to combine. Add shrimp and mix well to coat shrimp; set aside. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir onion and peppers into the hot oil, and cook, stirring frequently, until some color begins to develop on the vegetables, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove vegetables from the skillet and set aside. Add shrimp to the same skillet and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Return cooked vegetables to the skillet. Cook and stir until shrimp is opaque and pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Squeeze remaining lime juice over the skillet contents. Fill warm tortillas with shrimp, peppers, and onions, and garnish with avocado slices, pico de gallo, and additional cilantro, if desired. Drizzle with cilantro-lime cream.

Title: Falafel with Canned Chickpeas
Ingredients: 1 ½ (15 ounce) cans chickpeas, drained, 1 ½  onions, chopped, ¾ cup chopped fresh parsley, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2  eggs, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 ½ teaspoons ground coriander, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, 1 ½ teaspoons lemon juice, 1 ½ teaspoons baking powder, 1 pinch ground black pepper, or to taste, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 ½ cups bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mash chickpeas in a bowl using a masher. Combine mashed chickpeas, onions, parsley, and garlic in a blender; blend until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix eggs, cumin, coriander, salt, lemon juice, baking powder, black pepper, and cayenne together in a bowl. Add chickpea mixture and mix together. Add bread crumbs slowly and combine using your hands until mixture will hold together when frying. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Form mixture into twelve 3-inch diameter patties. Fry patties in hot oil until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Ta'ameya (Egyptian Falafel)
Ingredients: 2 cups dried split fava beans, 1  red onion, quartered, ½ cup fresh parsley, ½ cup fresh cilantro, ½ cup fresh dill, 3 cloves garlic, 1 ½ teaspoons ground coriander, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup sesame seeds (Optional), 1 quart vegetable oil for frying, or as needed
Instructions: Place fava beans into large bowl and cover with several inches of water. Let soak, 8 hours to overnight. Drain. Combine soaked fava beans, red onion, parsley, cilantro, dill, garlic, coriander, salt, and cumin in a food processor; process to a dough-like consistency. Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add sesame seeds; cook, stirring occasionally, until toasted, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large plate. Shape fava bean mixture into about 50 balls. Roll balls in sesame seeds to coat. Fill a large saucepan 1/4 full with oil; heat over medium heat. Fry fava bean balls in batches until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes per batch. Drain on paper towels. Recipe Tip You can substitute 1/2 of the fava beans with chickpeas if you are used to that type of falafel. Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. Amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Sean's Falafel and Cucumber Sauce
Ingredients: 1 (6 ounce) container plain yogurt, ½  cucumber - peeled, seeded, and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise (Optional), 1 teaspoon dried dill weed, salt and pepper to taste, 1 (15 ounce) can chickpeas (garbanzo beans), drained, 1  onion, chopped, ½ cup fresh parsley, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 dash black pepper, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup dry bread crumbs, or as needed, 2 cups oil, or as needed, for frying, 2  pita breads, cut in half (Optional), 1 cup chopped tomatoes (Optional)
Instructions: Make sauce: Combine yogurt, cucumber, mayonnaise, dill, salt, and pepper in a small bowl; mix well. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. Make falafel: Mash chickpeas in a large bowl until thick and pasty; do not use a blender as the consistency will be too thin. Place onion, parsley, and garlic in a blender; blend until smooth. Stir into mashed chickpeas until well combined. Combine egg, cumin, coriander, salt, lemon juice, baking powder, black pepper, and cayenne in a small bowl. Stir into chickpea mixture along with olive oil. Mix in bread crumbs, a little at a time, until mixture holds together but is not sticky. Form mixture into 8 balls, then flatten into falafel patties. Heat 1 inch oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Fry falafels in hot oil until brown on both sides. Serve 2 falafels in each pita half, topped with chopped tomatoes and sauce. JOANNAH Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Chef John's Sausage and Egg Pizza
Ingredients: 6 ounces hot Italian sausage, sliced, 12 ounces unbaked pizza dough, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, or as needed, ¾ cup pizza sauce, 1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste (Optional), 6 ounces shredded Fontina cheese, divided, 4  eggs, freshly ground black pepper to taste, ⅓ cup freshly shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, divided, 1 cup baby arugula leaves, washed and dried, 1 tablespoon olive oil
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Cook and stir sliced Italian sausage in a skillet over medium heat until some of the fat has rendered out and sausage is no longer pink inside, about 5 minutes. Transfer sausage slices to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Roll pizza dough out to about 12 inches in diameter and about 3/8-inch thick; sprinkle with cornmeal. Flip dough so the cornmeal side is down and transfer to a perforated 14-inch pizza pan. Spread pizza sauce in a thin layer on top of the dough. Sprinkle with red pepper flakes and about 3/4 the Fontina cheese. Spread sausage slices onto the pizza, leaving 4 spaces about 3 inches across on the pizza for eggs. Sprinkle remaining Fontina cheese onto sausage slices. Bake in the preheated oven until dough is hot, edges are starting to brown, and cheese has started to melt, 10 to 12 minutes. Crack each egg into a separate ramekin or small bowl. Remove pizza from oven and use a spatula to press the spaces between sausage slices flat. Gently pour an egg onto each space. Grind a little black pepper onto each egg yolk. Lightly sprinkle Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over entire pizza. Return to oven and bake until eggs are set but yolks are still liquid, about 5 minutes, checking frequently to avoid overcooking eggs. Toss arugula leaves with olive oil in a bowl until coated. Remove pizza from oven, poke egg yolks with a fork, spread them around a little, and sprinkle arugula over the top of the pizza. Cut into 4 quarters, each with an egg, to serve. Cook's Note: You want to use fresh, fresh eggs so they'll sit up nice and high and won't run all over the pizza.

Title: Peppercorn Sauce
Ingredients: 2 to 3 tablespoons mixed peppercorns, 1/4 cup butter, 1 shallot minced, 1/3 cup brandy or cognac, 3/4 cup beef stock, 1/4 cup heavy cream
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Crush peppercorns slightly using a mortar and pestle or a rolling pin. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter in a saucepan over medium high heat. Add shallot and sauté until soft, about 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add crushed peppercorns and brandy; bring to a boil and simmer rapidly until brandy is almost completely reduced, 2 to 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add beef stock; bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium and simmer until reduced by half, 3 to 4 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to medium-low; stir in cream and simmer until sauce coats the back of a spoon, or to desired consistency, without letting sauce boil too rapidly, 3 to 4 minutes. Season to taste and serve hot with your favorite steak. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note If your sauce breaks, add a splash of stock and whisk vigorously. If you pan-fry your steak, you can remove the steak from the pan, let it rest, and then make the peppercorn sauce in the same pan. Just add shallots and butter after removing your steaks, stirring frequently to prevent burning. After adding brandy, stir frequently, scraping up the bits from cooking the steaks. This will add a lot of rich flavor to the peppercorn sauce. If you need to reheat your sauce, add a splash of cream and heat over medium heat, stirring constantly. If kept overnight in the fridge, the sauce may separate and not come back together.

Title: Fettuccine with Shrimp, Tomatoes, and Spinach Cream Sauce
Ingredients: 8 ounces fettuccine, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, divided, 1 pound shrimp - peeled, deveined, and patted dry, salt and freshly ground black pepper, as needed, 1/2 cup thinly sliced shallot (about 1 large shallot), 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 cups halved cherry tomatoes, 1/4 cup minced flat-leaf parsley, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 2 cups fresh spinach, roughly chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, flat-leaf parsley sprigs for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Cook fettuccine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain; reserving about 1/2 cup pasta water. Meanwhile, heat butter and olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat until butter is melted. Slice 2 garlic cloves, add to the skillet, and cook until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Remove garlic from the skillet and discard. Carefully add shrimp to the skillet with a pinch of salt and pepper. Cook until shrimp is pink, opaque, and curled into a “C” shape, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the skillet and keep warm. Add shallot to the skillet and cook, stirring, until softened, 2 to 3 minutes; stir in red pepper flakes. Mince remaining 2 garlic cloves; add to skillet and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add sliced tomatoes, minced parsley, and white wine. Bring to a boil, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in chopped spinach; cook until just wilted and bright green. Return cooked shrimp to the skillet; stir in cream. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove from heat. If sauce is too thick, stir in 1 tablespoon pasta water at a time, until desired consistency is achieved. Stir in pasta, and ladle into serving bowls. Garnish with additional flat leaf parsley sprigs.

Title: To Die For Fettuccine Alfredo
Ingredients: 24 ounces dry fettuccine pasta, 1 cup butter, ¾ pint heavy cream, salt and pepper to taste, 1 dash garlic salt, ¾ cup grated Romano cheese, ½ cup grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add fettuccine and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain. Melt butter into cream in a large saucepan over low heat; add salt, pepper, and garlic salt. Increase the heat to medium; stir in grated Romano and Parmesan cheese until melted and sauce has thickened. Add cooked pasta to sauce and toss until thoroughly coated; serve immediately.

Title: Buttered Noodles
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) package fettuccine noodles, 6 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, ⅓ cup grated Parmesan cheese, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in fettuccine, bring back to a boil, and cook pasta over medium heat until tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drain and return pasta to pot. Mix butter, Parmesan cheese, salt, and pepper into pasta until evenly combined. Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Japanese-Style Triple-Seared Steak
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) center-cut filet mignon, fully trimmed, 1 teaspoon avocado oil or other high heat oil, 3 tablespoons coarse sea salt, or as needed, 1/3 cup Japanese whiskey, or other bourbon or rye whiskey, 1/4 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon melted butter
Instructions: Before starting the triple-searing process, build a very hot hardwood charcoal fire. Oak, mesquite or hickory are great choices. The coals should be glowing red, and radiating extreme heat before the meat hits the grill. Rub steak all over with oil. Coat with sea salt until entire surface area is completely covered. Pour whiskey into a shallow bowl; set aside. Place steak on hottest spot on the grill, and sear both sides, about 2 1/2 minutes per side. Transfer steak into bowl of whiskey, and turn constantly for at least 1 minute. Most of the salt will rinse off. Place steak back onto the hottest spot on the grill, and sear both sides again, about 2 1/2 minutes per side. You can baste steak with a small amount of whiskey while searing. Add soy sauce to another shallow bowl. Add steak to the bowl, and turn constantly for at least 1 minute. Return steak to the hottest spot on the grill for the 3rd and final sear. Grill both sides for about 2 1/2 minutes, or until desired doneness is reached. For a rosy-pink inside, remove when an instant-read thermometer inserted near the center reads 118 to 120 F (48 to 50 degrees C). Brush steak with melted butter, and let rest for 3 to 4 minutes. Slice and serve with any accumulated juices from the plate. John Mitzewich

Title: Perfect Pan Seared Filet Mignon
Ingredients: 2 (8 ounce) filet mignon steaks, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter or herb butter (optional), 2 tablespoons butter, 1 (8 ounce) package sliced baby portobello mushrooms, ¼ cup white wine, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, ½ cup heavy cream, freshly cracked black pepper, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Allow steaks to sit at room temperature 30 minutes before cooking. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Heat oil in a large oven-proof skillet over high heat. Season one side of steaks liberally with salt and pepper in an even layer. Place filets seasoned side down into the skillet and cook, undisturbed until a rich golden brown crust has formed, about 3 minutes. Season the other side with salt and pepper and flip the steaks. Cook 2 minutes longer and then move the skillet to the preheated oven. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Cook in the preheated oven 2 to 3 minutes longer for rare, about 4 minutes for medium-rare, 5 to 7 minutes for medium, about 8 minutes for medium well and 1 to 2 more minutes for well done. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Remove steaks from the skillet. Add butter if desired and tent with foil. Allow steak to rest for 10 minutes before serving. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Meanwhile, return skillet to the stovetop over medium-high heat and melt 2 tablespoons butter in the drippings. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring often, until browned, about 5 minutes. Pour in wine to deglaze skillet and scrape the bottom with a wooden spoon to loosen any browned bits. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Cook until the liquid is mostly evaporated. Stir in cream, Worcestershire sauce, and pepper and bring mixture to a simmer, stirring often. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Season with more salt if desired. Stir in lemon juice and serve mushroom sauce with filet mignon. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Serve and enjoy! ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA

Title: Surf and Turf
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, 1 tablespoon finely minced onion, 1 tablespoon white wine, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay), 1 clove garlic, minced, ⅛ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12  medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 (4 ounce) filet mignon steaks, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon steak seasoning
Instructions: Whisk 1 tablespoon olive oil, butter, onion, wine, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, parsley, seafood seasoning, garlic, and pepper together in a bowl; add shrimp. Toss to coat evenly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for flavors to blend, at least 15 minutes. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Coat steaks with 2 teaspoons olive oil; sprinkle with steak seasoning. Cook steaks on the preheated grill until they are beginning to firm and are hot and slightly pink in the center for medium doneness, 5 to 7 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C). Transfer steaks to a platter and loosely tent with a piece of aluminum foil. Remove shrimp from marinade and grill until they are bright pink on the outside and the meat is opaque, 2 to 3 minutes per side. From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of marinade ingredients. The actual amount of marinade consumed will vary.

Title: Spanish Flan
Ingredients: 1 cup white sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, 1 (12 fluid ounce) can evaporated milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Melt sugar in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat until liquefied and golden in color. Carefully pour hot syrup into a deep 9-inch round glass baking dish, turning the dish to evenly coat the bottom; set aside. Beat eggs in a large bowl. Add condensed milk, evaporated milk, and vanilla; beat until smooth. Pour egg mixture on top of caramel in the baking dish; place in a deep roasting pan. Carefully pour in enough hot water to come 1 inch up the sides of the dish. Bake in the preheated oven until just set with a slight jiggle in the center, about 1 hour, checking after 55 minutes. Keep in mind the flan will continue to set as it cools. Remove from the oven and carefully transfer baking dish to a wire rack; cool to room temperature, then cover with plastic wrap to prevent a skin forming. Refrigerate for 3 hours or up to 3 days. To serve, run a knife around the edges of the dish; carefully invert onto a rimmed serving plate and let caramel sauce flow over flan. From the Editor This recipe was tested in our test kitchen and updated to include baking the flan in a water bath and not covering with foil.

Title: Flan de Queso (Cream Cheese Flan)
Ingredients: 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, 1 (12 fluid ounce) can evaporated milk, 6 large eggs, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ⅓ cup 2% milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup white sugar
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place sweetened condensed milk, evaporated milk, eggs, cream cheese, milk, and vanilla extract in a blender; blend until smooth. Place sugar in an even layer in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the edges start to brown, about 1 minute; drag sugar into the center with a spatula once the edges start to brown. Continue cooking, stirring from time to time, until caramel is an even golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, pour 1 inch boiling water into a large oven-safe pot or baking dish to make a water bath. Pour caramel into a 9-inch flan mold or baking pan; swirl so that caramel reaches 1 inch up the sides. Pour the condensed milk mixture on top. Set in the water bath. Set the flan and water bath in the preheated oven; bake until a damp table knife inserted into the center comes out clean, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let stand for 5 minutes. Chill flan in the refrigerator until firm, 2 to 3 hours. Invert onto a serving plate so that caramel is on top. Recipe Tip You'll need a flan mold (or a standard tube pan) and a pot for the bain-marie (water bath) that's big enough to comfortably accommodate the mold.

Title: Baked Flan
Ingredients: ⅔ cup white sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, 5 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Heat sugar in a small nonstick saucepan over medium heat until completely dissolved; shake and swirl the pan until sugar has caramelized and is a dark golden brown color; pour into a 1 1/2-quart baking dish, and swirl to coat the bottom of the dish evenly. Combine cream, condensed milk, eggs, milk, and vanilla in a blender; blend on high for one minute. Pour mixture over caramelized sugar. Place the baking dish into a deep roasting pan; pour in enough boiling water to come 1 inch up the sides of the dish. Bake in preheated oven until flan is set, 50 to 60 minutes.

Title: Parmesan Espresso Martini Steak
Ingredients: 1 cup finely shredded Parmesan cheese, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1/4 teaspoon chili powder, 1 1/2 pounds flank steak, 6 cups watercress and / or arugula, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
Instructions: Parmesan fricos: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Make 12 piles of Parmesan (about 2 teaspoons each), spacing about 1 inch apart, on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and edges are browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool. Preheat an outdoor grill to medium (350 to 375 degrees F (175 to 190 degrees C)). Combine espresso powder, onion powder, paprika, brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and chili powder in a small bowl. Rub mixture generously over all sides of steak. Oil grill grates. Grill steak over direct heat, covered, turning halfway through, 13 to 16 minutes or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Transfer steak to a cutting board and tent with foil; let rest 5 minutes. Thinly slice steak across the grain. Toss watercress with oil, vinegar, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Serve with steak and Parmesan fricos. Cook’s Note To cook the steak on the stove, lightly oil a grill pan and heat on high. Cook steak, turning halfway through, 6 to 10 minutes.

Title: Beef and Broccoli Udon Noodles
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 pound flank steak, sliced across grain 1/4-inch thick, 3 tablespoons mirin, 3 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sweet soy sauce, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 head broccoli, broken into bite-sized florets, 20 ounces jumbo udon noodles, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 (1/2-inch) piece fresh ginger, 2 green onions, sliced, 1 teaspoon black sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds
Instructions: Whisk together sesame oil, cornstarch, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, salt, and baking soda together in a bowl. Add sliced steak to the bowl and marinate for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk mirin, water, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, dark soy sauce, sweet soy sauce, oyster sauce, and rice vinegar together in a small bowl; set sauce aside. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat. Heat a wok over medium high heat, and cook and stir steak in the hot wok until steak pieces are caramelized and browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove steak from wok; set aside to keep warm. Add broccoli to the wok with a small amount of water. Cover with a lid and steam broccoli until bright green, about 5 minutes. Add udon noodles to boiling water; return water to a boil and cook until noodles are tender with a bite, 2 to 3 minutes. Add garlic and ginger to the wok. Return steak to wok. Drain noodles; stir noodles and prepared sauce into the wok to combine. Sprinkle with green onions, black sesame seeds, and toasted sesame seeds to serve.

Title: Lisa's Favorite Carne Asada Marinade
Ingredients: ¾ cup orange juice, ½ cup lemon juice, ⅓ cup lime juice, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, ½ cup soy sauce, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground paprika, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon finely chopped canned chipotle pepper, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, ½ cup olive oil, 3 pounds flank steak
Instructions: Combine orange juice, lemon juice, and lime juice for marinade in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add cilantro, soy sauce, garlic, chili powder, cumin, paprika, black pepper, chipotle pepper, and oregano; stir to combine. Slowly whisk in olive oil until well combined. Remove 1 cup of the marinade and place in a small bowl; cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for use after the steak is cooked. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place steak between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound steak with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/4 inch. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios After pounding, poke steak all over with a fork. Place steak in the marinade in the large bowl, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios When ready to cook, preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove steak from the marinade and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade. Cook steak on the preheated grill to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove steak from grill and slice across the grain. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place on a serving platter and pour the reserved, unused marinade over top. Serve immediately. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Perfect Flat Iron Steak
Ingredients: 1 (2 pound) flat iron steak, 2 ½ tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, ¼ teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, ½ teaspoon chopped fresh chives, ¼ cup Cabernet Sauvignon (or other dry red wine), ½ teaspoon salt, ¾ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon dry mustard powder
Instructions: Place steak inside a large resealable bag. Stir olive oil, garlic, parsley, rosemary, chives, red wine, salt, pepper, and mustard powder together in a small bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour marinade over steak in the bag. Press out as much air as you can and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sear and cook the steak in the hot skillet for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium rare, or to your desired degree of doneness. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C) for medium rare. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Discard the marinade. Allow the steaks to rest for about 5 minutes before serving. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes information for the full amount of the marinade ingredients. Depending on marinating time, ingredients, cooking method, etc., the actual amount of the marinade consumed will vary.

Title: Grilled Flat Iron Steak with Blue Cheese-Chive Butter
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary leaves, crumbled, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, ¼ teaspoon kosher salt, ¼ cup olive oil, 1 ½ pounds flat iron steak, 3 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, 1 ounce crumbled blue cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, ⅛ teaspoon cracked black pepper
Instructions: Whisk olive oil, vinegar, garlic, 1 tablespoon black pepper, rosemary, oregano, and kosher salt together in a bowl and pour into a resealable plastic bag. Add steak, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil grate. Remove steak from the marinade, shake off excess, and discard remaining marinade. Allow steak to stand at room temperature as the grill warms. Meanwhile, mash butter, blue cheese, chives, and 1/8 teaspoon of black pepper together until combined; set aside. Cook steaks on the preheated grill until firm and reddish-pink and juicy in the center, about 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C). Allow steak to rest in a warm place for 10 minutes before slicing thinly across the grain. Serve with a dollop of blue cheese-chive butter. Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes information for the full amount of the marinade ingredients. Depending on marinating time, ingredients, cooking method, etc., the actual amount of the marinade consumed will vary.

Title: Marinated Flat Iron Steak
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, ½ teaspoon dried tarragon, ½ teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, ½ teaspoon white pepper, 1 pinch salt, 1 ½ pounds flat iron steak
Instructions: Whisk together honey, vinegar, olive oil, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, tarragon, rosemary, garlic powder, white pepper, and salt in a large bowl until well combined; pour into a resealable plastic bag. Add flat iron steak; coat with marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Place in the refrigerator to marinate for at least 6 hours. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove steak from marinade; shake off excess and discard marinade. Cook steak on the preheated grill to desired degree of doneness, about 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of steak should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) for medium-rare doneness.

Title: Feta and Sardine Flatbread
Ingredients: 1 (12 inch) prepared pizza crust, 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon Greek seasoning, such as Cavender's® All-Purpose Greek Seasoning, 1/4 red onion, sliced into petals, 12 pitted Kalamata olives, halved, 1 (4.375 ounce) tin sardines packed in olive oil, 1/2 cup Mediterranean herb crumbled feta cheese, 1 tomato Roma tomato, seeded and chopped, 1 small lemon, sliced, 1/4 cup packed baby spinach leaves
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place pizza crust on a round pizza pan. Whisk olive oil and Greek seasoning together in a small bowl. Brush mixture over the entire pizza crust, including the edges. Divide onion, olives, and sardines over pizza crust. Sprinkle on feta, then scatter on chopped tomatoes. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove pizza from the oven; add lemon slices and spinach leaves. Cut into slices and serve immediately.

Title: Focaccia Bread
Ingredients: 2 ¾ cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon white sugar, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, ½ teaspoon dried basil, 1 pinch ground black pepper, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup mozzarella, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Combine flour, yeast, salt, sugar, garlic powder, oregano, thyme, basil, and black pepper in a large bowl. Add water and vegetable oil, then mix until dough comes together. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Lightly oil a large bowl; place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with a clean, damp cloth and let rise in a warm place for 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking sheet. Punch dough down and place on prepared baking sheet. Pat into a 1/2 inch thick rectangle. Brush top with olive oil and sprinkle with mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cut into 12 pieces and serve warm. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Naan
Ingredients: 1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast, 1 cup warm water, ¼ cup white sugar, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 ½ cups bread flour, 2 teaspoons minced garlic (Optional), ¼ cup butter, melted
Instructions: Dissolve yeast in warm water in a large bowl. Let stand about 10 minutes, until frothy. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, generously oil a large bowl. Stir sugar, milk, egg, and salt into the yeast mixture. Mix in enough flour to make a soft dough. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Knead dough on a lightly floured surface until smooth, 6 to 8 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place dough in the prepared oil, cover with a damp cloth, and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Punch down dough on a lightly floured surface, and knead in garlic. Pinch off small handfuls of dough about the size of a golf ball; you should have about 14. Roll each piece into a ball and place on a tray. Cover with a towel, and allow to rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, preheat a large grill pan over high heat. Roll each piece of dough into a thin circle. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Brush some melted butter on the preheated grill pan. Place a few pieces of dough in the pan (as many as you can fit) and cook until puffy and lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Brush butter onto the uncooked sides, flip, and cook until browned, 2 to 4 more minutes. Remove from the grill and repeat to cook the remaining naan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Marshmallow Fondant
Ingredients: ¼ cup butter, 1 (16 ounce) package miniature marshmallows, ¼ cup water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 pounds confectioners' sugar, divided
Instructions: Place butter in a shallow bowl and set aside. Place marshmallows in a large microwave-safe bowl and microwave on high to start melting the marshmallows, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Carefully stir water and vanilla into hot marshmallows; stir until the mixture is smooth. Slowly beat in confectioners' sugar, 1 cup at a time, until you have a sticky dough. Reserve 1 cup confectioners' sugar for kneading. The dough will be very stiff. Rub your hands thoroughly with butter and begin kneading the sticky dough. As you knead, the dough will become workable and pliable. Turn the dough out onto a working surface dusted with confectioners' sugar and continue kneading until the fondant is smooth and no longer sticky to the touch, 5 to 10 minutes. Form the fondant into a ball, wrap it tightly in plastic wrap, and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight. To use, allow the fondant to come to room temperature and roll it out onto a flat surface dusted with confectioners' sugar. Melissa Goff

Title: Fondant Icing
Ingredients: 1 (.25 ounce) package unflavored gelatin, ¼ cup cold water, ½ cup glucose syrup, 1 tablespoon glycerin, 2 tablespoons shortening, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 cups sifted confectioners' sugar
Instructions: Combine gelatin and cold water; let stand until thick. Place gelatin mixture in top of double boiler and heat until dissolved. Add glucose and glycerin; mix well. Stir in shortening and just before completely melted, remove from heat and stir in vanilla. Mixture should cool until lukewarm. Place 4 cups confectioners' sugar in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and using a wooden spoon, stir in lukewarm gelatin mixture. Mix in a little more sugar, in batches, until stickiness disappears. Knead in remaining sugar until fondant is smooth, pliable and does not stick to your hands. If fondant is too soft, add more sugar; if too stiff, add water (a drop at a time). Use fondant immediately or store in airtight container in fridge. When ready to use, bring to room temperature and knead again until soft. Use fondant immediately or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator. When ready to use, bring to room temperature and knead again until soft. Recipe Tips Glucose and glycerin can be found at most cake decorating supply stores. You can color the fondant with 3 drops of food coloring. Roll fondant out to 1/4-inch thickness for best results.

Title: Cake Fondant
Ingredients: ½ cup butter, ⅔ cup sweetened condensed milk, 6 cups confectioners' sugar, or more as needed, 1 dash vanilla extract
Instructions: Mix butter, sweetened condensed milk, confectioners' sugar, and vanilla extract in a mixing bowl until fondant has the consistency of modeling clay. If fondant is too moist, knead in additional confectioners' sugar. Roll fondant out on a work surface generously dusted with confectioners' sugar to desired thickness.

Title: Panettone
Ingredients: ⅓ cup warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C), 2 (.25 ounce) packages active dry yeast, 4 cups all-purpose flour, ½ cup warm milk, ⅔ cup white sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups candied mixed fruit, 2 ½ teaspoons grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons orange zest, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1  egg yolk, 1 tablespoon cream, 3 (7 x 4-inch) round paper panettone molds
Instructions: To make sponge, warm a small bowl by rinsing it with hot water. Pour in warm water and sprinkle 1 package yeast on it. Let stand until yeast has dissolved. Stir in 1/2 cup flour, cover with plastic wrap, and let stand 30 minutes, or until doubled. Sprinkle remaining yeast over warm milk. Let stand until dissolved. Beat together sugar, eggs, egg yolks, and vanilla. Stir in milk-yeast mixture. Add sponge and stir until well incorporated. Combine butter and remaining 3 ½ cups flour until crumbly. Slowly pour in egg mixture and beat on high speed 3 to 4 minutes, until dough is elastic looking and long strands form. Beat in fruit and zests. Turn dough into oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and leave in a warm place to rise until doubled, about 2 to 3 hours. Brush inside of three 7 x 4-inch paper molds with melted butter. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead a few times to deflate. Divide dough into 3 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and drop into prepared molds; place on a baking sheet about 4-inches apart and cover loosely with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place until doubled again, about 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Cut an X in top of each loaf with oiled scissors. Combine egg yolk with cream. Brush tops of loaves lightly with egg wash. Place baking sheet with loaves in bottom 1/3 of preheated oven. After 10 minutes, lower heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Continue to bake for 30 more minutes; if tops get too brown, cover with foil. Loaves are done when a wooden skewer inserted into centers comes out clean. Cool on wire rack.

Title: Biscotti
Ingredients: 1 cup white sugar, ½ cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon anise extract, or 3 drops anise oil, 3 ¼ cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease two cookie sheets or line with parchment paper. Beat sugar, oil, eggs, and anise extract together in a medium bowl until well-blended. Combine flour and baking powder in a separate bowl; stir into egg mixture to form a heavy dough. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide dough into two equal pieces. Form each piece into a log the length of a cookie sheet. Place one log on each of the prepared sheets; and press dough down to 1/2-inch thickness. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer logs to wire racks; let sit until cool enough to handle, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Slice each log crosswise into about eighteen 1/2-inch-thick slices. Place slices cut-sides up back on the cookie sheets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake until lightly toasted and golden brown, 6 to 10 minutes per side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Creole Seasoning Blend
Ingredients: 5 tablespoons paprika, 3 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons dried basil, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon white pepper, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper
Instructions: Combine paprika, salt, onion powder, garlic powder, oregano, basil, thyme, black pepper, white pepper, and cayenne pepper. Store in an airtight container.

Title: Rich and Simple French Onion Soup
Ingredients: ½ cup unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cups sliced onions, 5 cups beef broth, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 pinch salt and pepper to taste, 4 slices French bread, 4 slices provolone cheese, 2 slices Swiss cheese, diced, ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter with olive oil in an 8-quart stock pot over medium heat. Add onions to butter and continually stir until tender and translucent. Do not brown the onions. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add beef broth, sherry, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Let simmer for 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, preheat the oven's broiler. Ladle soup into oven-safe serving bowls and place one slice of bread on top of each (bread may be broken into pieces if you prefer). Layer each slice of bread with a slice of provolone, 1/2 slice diced Swiss and 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place bowls on a cookie sheet and broil in the preheated oven until cheese bubbles and browns slightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Slow Cooker French Onion Soup
Ingredients: 6 tablespoons butter, 4 large yellow onions, sliced and separated into rings, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, ½ cup cooking sherry, 7 cups reduced-sodium beef broth, 1 teaspoon sea salt, or to taste, ¼ teaspoon dried thyme, 1  bay leaf, 8  slices of French bread, ½ cup shredded Gruyere cheese, ⅓ cup shredded Emmental cheese, ¼ cup freshly shredded Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons shredded mozzarella cheese
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat butter in a large, heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add onions; cook and stir until translucent, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle onions with sugar; reduce heat to medium. Cook, stirring constantly, until onions are soft and caramelized, at least 30 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir sherry into onion mixture; scrape the bottom to dissolve the small bits of browned food. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer onions into a slow cooker and pour in beef broth. Season with sea salt; stir in thyme and bay leaf. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover and cook on Low for 8 to 10 hours or on High for 4 to 6 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven broiler about 10 minutes before serving. Set an oven rack about 8 inches from the heat source. Arrange bread slices on a baking sheet; broil until toasted, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Lightly toss Gruyere, Emmental, Parmesan, and mozzarella cheeses in a bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill oven-safe soup crocks 3/4 full with onion soup and float a bread slice in each bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top each with about 2 tablespoons cheese mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place filled bowls onto a baking sheet and broil until cheese topping is lightly browned and bubbling, about 2 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note If you like, put all the soup components — soup, toasted bread, and cheese mixture — out on the table and let people make their soup! This seems to be the favored method when I host a craft night. People can make their own decisions about what they want in or on their soup!

Title: French Onion Soup Gratinée
Ingredients: 4 tablespoons butter, 2 large red onions, thinly sliced, 2 large sweet onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 (48 fluid ounce) can chicken broth, 1 (14 ounce) can beef broth, ½ cup red wine, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 sprigs fresh parsley, 1 sprig fresh thyme leaves, 1  bay leaf, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 4 thick slices French bread, 8 slices Gruyère cheese, at room temperature, ½ cup shredded Asiago cheese, at room temperature, 4 pinches paprika
Instructions: Melt butter in a large pot over medium-high heat. Stir in red onions, sweet onions, and salt. Cook, stirring frequently, until onions are caramelized and almost syrupy, about 35 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in chicken broth, beef broth, red wine, and Worcestershire sauce. Bundle parsley, thyme, and bay leaf with kitchen twine; add to the pot. Simmer over medium heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove and discard herb bundle. Reduce heat to low; stir in vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Cover soup and keep warm over low heat while you prepare the toast. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Arrange bread slices on a baking sheet and broil, turning once, until well toasted on both sides, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat; do not turn off the broiler. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange 4 large oven-safe bowls or crocks on a rimmed baking sheet. Fill each bowl 2/3 full with hot soup. Top each bowl with 1 slice of toasted bread, 2 slices Gruyère cheese, and 1/4 of the Asiago cheese. Sprinkle a little bit of paprika over the top of each one. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook under the hot broiler until bubbly and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Cheese will cascade over the sides of the crock and form a beautifully melted crusty seal as it melts. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tip You can substitute Italian bread for French bread, Swiss for Gruyère, and mozzarella for Asiago. Editor's Note: Please note the differences in yield and ingredient amounts, as well as the use of cheesecloth for the herbs when using the magazine version of this recipe.

Title: Croissant French Toast Bake
Ingredients: cooking spray, 6 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 1/2 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 8 large croissants (about 1 1/4 pounds), halved horizontally, confectioner's sugar, fresh berries, or maple syrup for serving
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Generously coat a 9x13-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together eggs, milk, heavy cream, brown sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, and salt in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dip each croissant half in the egg mixture until fully soaked. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange dipped croissants in the prepared baking dish, overlapping as needed. Pour any remaining egg mixture over croissants. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Let stand 15 minutes before serving. Serve with desired toppings. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Coffee Creamer French Toast
Ingredients: 1/2 cup cinnamon French toast flavor coffee creamer (such as Chobani® Cinnamon French toast), 1 1/2 teaspoons brown sugar, 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 splash Mexican vanilla extract, 1 pinch salt, 4 slices Italian bread (such as Turano® Pane Turano), 1 tablespoon butter, whipped cream (optional), pinch ground cinnamon (optional), prepared caramel sauce, to taste (optional)
Instructions: Whisk egg, coffee creamer, brown sugar, cinnamon, vanilla, and salt together in a shallow dish until foamy and smooth; set aside. Melt butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Soak each slice of bread in egg mixture, 5 to 7 seconds per side. Place bread into the skillet, cook until golden brown on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Serve immediately. If desired, top with whipped cream, a dash of cinnamon, and caramel sauce.

Title: Baked Yogurt Custard Toast
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons soft unsalted butter, 4 large, thick  slices French bread, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon honey, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 large egg, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup blueberries, 1 cup quartered strawberries, 1/3 cup maple syrup, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat or parchment. Butter one side of bread, and place butter-side-down on the prepared baking sheet. Whisk together yogurt, honey, vanilla extract, lemon zest, egg, and salt in a mixing bowl. Spoon custard mixture over bread, all the way to the edges, and pressing down lightly as you apply, to help the bread absorb as much as possible. Try to use all the custard. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Meanwhile, stir blueberries, strawberries, maple syrup, and lemon juice together in a bowl; set aside until needed. Serve custard toast immediately topped with fresh fruit. John Mitzewich

Title: Chicken Fried Bacon
Ingredients: 4 cups peanut oil, 1 pound thick-cut bacon, 1 tablespoon multi-purpose seasoning blend, plus more as needed, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 large eggs, 1/4 cup beer or water, 2 teaspoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons ranch or jalapeno ranch dressing
Instructions: Line a rimmed baking sheet with paper towels and set a wire rack inside. Heat oil in a large deep skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Meanwhile, cut bacon in half crosswise and season evenly on both sides with multi-purpose seasoning. Whisk together flour, salt, pepper, and paprika in a shallow bowl. Alternatively, season flour with additional multi-purpose seasoning blend. Whisk eggs, beer, and syrup together in a separate shallow bowl. Coat each piece of bacon lightly in seasoned flour. Then coat in egg mixture, allowing the excess to drip off. Coat once more in flour mixture; set aside until all pieces are coated and oil is hot. Working a few pieces at a time, fry each piece in hot oil, flipping occasionally, until crispy golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Maintain the oil temperature between 330 and 350 degrees F (165 to 175 degrees C) while cooking. Drain bacon on the prepared wire rack. Repeat with remaining bacon. Serve with ranch dressing for dipping. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. Amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Crispy Caesar Chicken Cutlets
Ingredients: 1 cup (3 ounces) seasoned croutons (such as Texas Toast), crumbled, 1/2 cup seasoned breadcrumbs, 1/2 cup pre-shredded Parmesan cheese,  plus more for serving, 2 teaspoons lemon pepper seasoning mix, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground mustard, 3/4 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 teaspoon onion powder, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup creamy Caesar dressing (such as Ken’s Steak House), plus more for serving, 1 cup whole milk, cooking spray, 6 (4 ounce) chicken breasts cutlets, patted dry
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Process croutons in a food processor until finely crumbled, about 8 pulses. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Prepare dredging station. Stir together croutons, breadcrumbs, Parmesan cheese, lemon pepper, oregano, mustard, garlic powder, onion powder, and cayenne in a shallow bowl. Whisk together Caesar dressing and milk until smooth in a separate shallow bowl. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the air fryer to 390 degrees F for 2 minutes (200 degrees C). Lightly coat the air fryer basket with cooking spray. Working with 1 cutlet at a time, fully submerge each cutlet into dressing mixture, shaking off excess. Dredge cutlets in crouton mixture, pressing firmly until evenly coated on both sides. Place on a plate in an even layer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Working in batches, add 2 cutlets to basket in one even layer, and cook until golden brown and cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes, flipping halfway through. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer to a serving platter, and repeat with remaining cutlets. Serve with additional Parmesan cheese and dressing. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Flamin’ Hot Cheetos Fried Chicken
Ingredients: 6 cups cheese puffs, such as CHEETOS® Crunchy FLAMIN’ HOT® Cheese Flavored Snacks, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 pound chicken breast tenderloins (about 8 pieces), 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil
Instructions: Place Cheetos in a blender and pulse until fine crumbs. Pour crumbs into a 1-gallon resealable plastic bag. Add cayenne and salt. Seal the bag and shake to combine. Place chicken tenders in a 1-quart resealable plastic bag. Add mayonnaise. Seal the bag and massage chicken in mayonnaise until evenly coated. Transfer 2 chicken tenders from their bag to the bag with Cheeto crumbs. Seal the bag and shake until evenly coated. Place tenders on a plate. Repeat with remaining tenders. Heat oil in a skillet over medium high heat. Add breaded chicken tenders in a single layer and cook for 6 minutes. Using a spatula, flip tenders over and cook until tenders are no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 6 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). From the Editor: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of breading ingredients. The actual amount of breading consumed will vary.

Title: Easy Chicken Fried Rice
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, ⅓ cup diced carrots, ¼ cup sliced green onions, white and lighter green parts, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, ½ teaspoon ground ginger, 3 cups cold cooked rice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded cooked chicken, ½ cup frozen peas, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons Sriracha mayonnaise, or to taste, 1 tablespoon sliced green onions, or to taste
Instructions: Heat canola and sesame oils in a large, nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add carrot and 1/4 cup green onion; cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Stir in garlic powder and ginger and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in rice, salt, and pepper; cook, stirring only once or twice, until rice is lightly browned, about 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in chicken and peas; cook for 2 minutes. Push rice mixture to the sides of the pan, creating a circle in the middle. Add butter to the center of the pan. When melted, pour eggs into the center. Cook eggs, stirring often, until almost set, about 3 minutes. Stir eggs into the rice mixture. Stir in soy sauce and rice vinegar; cook for 2 more minutes. Serve immediately topped with Sriracha mayo and green onions. Ramona Cruz-Peters Cook’s Note Avoid stirring too much when the rice is added so that it will get lightly crispy and caramelized around the edges - that's the best part! You can use leftover pork, steak, or shrimp in place of chicken.

Title: Winter Vegetable Fried Rice
Ingredients: 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced or shaved, 2 cups chopped green cabbage, 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 cup snow peas, 1/2 cup chopped white onion, 1/2 cup bean sprouts, 2 cups cooked brown rice, 1/3 cup chopped green onion, 3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons hot chili sauce, or more to taste
Instructions: Spray a wok or deep skillet with cooking spray and preheat over medium-high heat. Whisk eggs and water in a bowl until well mixed. Scramble eggs in wok until no longer runny, but still moist, about 1 minute. Remove from wok or skillet; set aside. Wipe out the wok and return to medium-high heat. Add oil and garlic. Cook garlic until fragrant, about 30 seconds, stirring frequently. Add cabbage, carrots, snow peas, onions, and sprouts . Cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently to mix ingredients. Add rice, egg, green onion, soy sauce, and chili sauce. and cook until heated through, 3 to 4 minutes, stirring frequently.

Title: Cabbage Fried Rice
Ingredients: 3 large eggs, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 1/2 tablespoons sesame oil, divided, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small yellow onion, chopped, 1 small green pepper, chopped, 3 cups shredded cabbage, 2 cups leftover cooked white rice, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 1 pinch red pepper flakes (optional), 1 green onion, thinly sliced (optional)
Instructions: In a bowl, whisk eggs with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over medium high heat; add 1/2 tablespoon sesame oil. Cook and stir eggs in the hot oil until scrambled and set, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer eggs to a plate, clean the pan, and return to medium high heat. Pour in remaining 2 tablespoons sesame oil, then add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in onions and green peppers and cook for about 5 minutes. Add cabbage and cook until softened, about 5 minutes more. Stir in cooked rice, soy sauce, grated ginger, and cooked eggs. Stir until combined and heated thoroughly, about 5 minutes. Add red pepper flakes and top with green onions. Serve warm.

Title: Loaded Kimchi Fries
Ingredients: 1 (32-ounce) package frozen French fries, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 (8-ounce) container fresh small mozzarella cheese balls, 1/4 cup original cheese dip (such as Cheez Whiz), 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons hot sauce (such as Sriracha chile sauce), 1 cup napa cabbage kimchi, drained, 2 scallions, thinly sliced
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) with racks in top third and lower third positions. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Toss together fries and oil in a large bowl until well coated. Spread fries in a single layer on prepared baking sheets. Bake in preheated oven until golden brown and crisp, about 35 minutes, stirring fries and rotating pans front to back and between top and bottom racks twice during bake time. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Consolidate fries onto one baking sheet, arranging them into an even layer. Top fries evenly with mozzarella balls. Bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) in top third of oven until cheese is slightly melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, place cheese dip in a small microwave-safe medium bowl, and microwave on HIGH until warm and melted, about 45 seconds, stirring after 30 seconds. Add mayonnaise to cheese dip; stir until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Evenly drizzle cheese dip mixture and hot sauce over french fry mixture and top with kimchi and scallions. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide between plates and serve immediately. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Loaded Waffle Fries
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon dill pickle relish, 12 ounces frozen waffle fries, 2 slices thick cut bacon, 8 ounces lean ground beef, 1/2 teaspoon burger seasoning (such as McCormick® Grill Mates® Worcestershire Pub Burger Seasoning), 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 cup shredded lettuce, 1 Roma tomato, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced red onion
Instructions: Whisk ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard, and dill pickle relish in a small bowl. Set sauce aside. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with foil, and arrange waffle fries on the sheet in a single layer. Bake fries in the preheated oven until golden, about 20 minutes, or according to package directions. Meanwhile, place bacon in a skillet over medium-high heat and cook until crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer bacon to a paper towel-lined plate. Crumble when cool enough to handle. Heat the same skillet over medium-high heat. Crumble beef into the skillet, sprinkle with Worcestershire pub burger seasoning, and cook and stir until browned, about 8 minutes. Drain in a colander. Divide beef among the cooked fries and top with cheese. Return baking sheet to the oven and bake until cheese is melted, about 5 minutes. Top fries with lettuce, tomato, onion, and bacon. Drizzle reserved sauce over the top and serve immediately.

Title: Waffle Fries
Ingredients: 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, peanut or vegetable oil for frying, 1/2 teaspoon salt or desired seasoning, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 teaspoon dill pickle brine (from a jar of pickles), 1 teaspoon Sriracha sauce or bottled chipotle hot sauce
Instructions: Waffle Fries: Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (400 degrees C). Set two wire racks atop paper towels. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill a large bowl with ice water. Using a mandoline with a waffle blade set to 1/4-inch, slice potatoes crosswise, then rotate 90° and make another slice for each waffle fry (you can also use a crinkle cutter using the same process). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add cut waffle fries to the ice water as they are done. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios In a large heavy saucepan, add 2 inches of oil. Clip a candy/oil thermometer to the side of the pan. Heat oil over medium heat to 310 degrees F (155 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drain waffle fries and blot dry with paper towels. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Working in batches, fry waffle fries 4 to 5 minutes. They should just cook through at this point, but not brown. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove from oil with a slotted spoon and place on wire racks. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Increase oil temperature to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Add waffle fries in batches and cook 1 to 2 minutes until golden brown. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drain on paper towels, and sprinkle with salt. Transfer cooked fries to the oven to keep warm while frying remaining waffle fries. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve with Zippy Fry Sauce. Zippy Fry Sauce In a small bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, ketchup, pickle brine, and Sriracha. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Egg Bites
Ingredients: cooking spray, 5 small tri-color baby potatoes, thinly sliced, ¼ stick butter, 10 small eggs, 1 small yellow bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 small tomato, finely chopped, ½ cup fresh spinach, ¼ cup chopped ham, ¼ cup chopped white onion, 1 slice mozzarella cheese, cut into 12 cubes
Instructions: France C Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 12-cup muffin tin with nonstick cooking spray. Place a thin layer of potato slices in the bottom of each muffin cup. Add a little butter on top. Bake in the preheated oven for 5 minutes. Mix together eggs, bell pepper, tomato, spinach, ham, and onion in a large bowl. Ladle egg mixture over warm potatoes. Top each muffin cup with a mozzarella cube. Continue baking until eggs are set, about 20 minutes. Recipe Tip You can substitute any other meat for the ham.

Title: Pesto Spaghetti Frittata
Ingredients: 6 duck eggs, 1/2 cup shredded Parmesan cheese, 1/4 cup half-and-half cream, 1/4 cup ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons prepared pesto, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound frozen mixed carrots, broccoli, zucchini, and cauliflower (such as Normandy® blend), 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 ounces leftover cooked spaghetti pasta
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Whisk eggs, Parmesan cheese, half and half, ricotta, pesto, thyme, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl. Place vegetables in a microwave-safe bowl; cook on High in the microwave until thawed, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain well. Melt butter in an ovenproof nonstick skillet. Add garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add steamed vegetables, and toss to coat. Pour half of egg mixture into the skillet. Toss cooked spaghetti with remaining egg mixture. Pour egg-coated pasta into the skillet. Cook 5 minutes. Bake in the skillet in the preheated oven until eggs are firm, about 25 minutes. Remove, cut into wedges, and serve with more pesto if desired. From the Editor: Duck eggs can be found at farmer's markets. They are larger than chicken eggs, and the yolks are proportionately larger, so they are more rich. You'll need about 8 large chicken eggs to substitute for 6 duck eggs.

Title: Halloumi and Zucchini Frittata
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large zucchini, grated and squeezed dry, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 4 large eggs, 4 ounces halloumi cheese, sliced
Instructions: Heat olive oil in a small, ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add zucchini and a pinch of salt and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add chopped mint and dill, and cook 1 minute more. Beat eggs with salt and pepper in a small bowl. Pour into the hot skillet with the zucchini and briefly stir. Cook without stirring to allow the bottom of the frittata to set, about 2 minutes. Use a spatula around the edges of the skillet to ensure that the frittata isn't sticking as the bottom starts to set. Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Lay the slices of halloumi on the top of the frittata as the edges start to set. Place the skillet under the broiler until the top of the frittata is fully set and cheese is slightly browned, about 5 minutes. Serve immediately or at room temperature.

Title: Pink Velvet Cake
Ingredients: baking spray with flour, 1 (15.25-ounce) package classic white cake mix (such as Pillsbury), 1 cup whole buttermilk, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, 6 drops soft pink food coloring gel (such as Americolor), 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1/4 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups unsifted powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, pink sprinkles
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly coat a 9x13-inch baking pan with baking spray; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together cake mix, buttermilk, oil, eggs, and food coloring in a medium bowl until fully combined and no dry streaks remain. Transfer to the prepared baking pan and spread in an even layer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool completely in pan on a wire rack, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat cream cheese and butter with an electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gradually beat in powdered sugar with mixer on low speed, until smooth and fully combined, stopping to scrape down sides of bowl as needed, about 3 minutes. Add vanilla and salt and beat until just combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using an offset spatula, spread cream cheese frosting evenly over the top of the cooled cake. Garnish with sprinkles, if desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut into squares and serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chocolate Stout Cake
Ingredients: 2 cups dark chocolate chips (such as Ghriradelli® 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Chips), 1 1/2 cups white sugar, 1/4 cup water, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 1/2 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons Irish cream liqueur (such as Bailey's®), 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 (11.2 ounce) bottle stout beer (such as Guinness™ ), 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 cup cocoa powder (such as Hershey's® Special Dark), 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1/2 cup white sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup full-fat sour cream, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Instructions: Make frosting: Place dark chocolate chips in a large bowl; set aside. Combine 1 1/2 cups white sugar, water, and corn syrup in a light colored, tall-sided saucepan. Place pan over medium heat and cook until mixture begins to turn a deep amber color, swirling pan often to combine ingredients; about 15 minutes. Remove pan from heat and carefully pour in heavy cream (mixture will bubble up rapidly and then seize, this is ok). Place pan back over low heat and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Allow mixture to boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly, then immediately pour caramel over the chocolate chips. Allow mixture to stand for 1 minute. Gently stir until chocolate is melted and smooth. Add in 2 teaspoons vanilla and Irish Cream and mix until combined. Add in butter 1 tablespoon at a time, making sure each addition is fully incorporated before adding the next, until all 3 tablespoons of butter are incorporated. Loosely cover bowl with a kitchen towel and set aside to cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally (this will take 4 to 6 hours). Combine stout beer and 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar in a saucepan set over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until mixture has reduced to 1 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 2 (9-inch) round cake pans. Sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and 3/4 teaspoon salt; set dry ingredients aside. Beat 1/2 cup unsalted butter, vegetable oil, 1 cup dark brown sugar, and 1/2 cup white sugar together in a large bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add in eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Beat mixture on medium-high speed for 4 to 5 additional minutes after adding in the last egg. Mix in sour cream and 2 teaspoons vanilla extract. Pour in half of dry ingredients and mix on low until just combined. Pour in cooled stout mixture and mix until just combined. Add in remaining dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Divide batter evenly between the 2 prepared cake pans. Tap pans on the counter several times to remove any larger air bubbles. Bake in the preheated oven and until the tops of the cakes spring back lightly when touched, 30 to 35 minutes. Allow cakes to cool in pans for 20 to 30 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour. Once cakes and frosting are both cooled, place one cake layer on a serving platter. Top with about 1 cup frosting; spread it into an even layer. Top with remaining cake. Pour remaining frosting over the top of the cake and smooth over top and sides of cake until completely frosted on all sides.

Title: Royal Icing
Ingredients: 4  pasteurized egg whites, 4 cups sifted confectioners' sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon or vanilla extract (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Victoria Jempty/Allrecipes Beat egg whites in a large glass, metal, or ceramic bowl with an electric mixer at high speed until foamy. Victoria Jempty/Allrecipes Gradually add sugar and lemon extract; continue to beat on high speed until thickened. Victoria Jempty/Allrecipes Victoria Jempty/Allrecipes Victoria Jempty/Allrecipes Editor's Note: This recipe calls for pasteurized egg whites which means the eggs are partially sterilized and safe to eat. Pasteurized egg whites do take longer to whip into a meringue, but will work just fine in this recipe.

Title: Summer Fruit Salad with Mint Dressing
Ingredients: 4 cups cubed seeded watermelon, 2 cups sliced fresh strawberries, 2 large  fresh peaches, cut into cubes, 2 large  nectarines, cut into cubes, 1  red Anjou pear, cut into cubes, 1 cup seedless grapes, halved, 2  lemons, juiced, ¼ cup minced fresh mint (chocolate mint preferred), ½  lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon honey (fireweed honey preferred)
Instructions: Combine watermelon, strawberries, peaches, nectarines, pear, and grapes in a large mixing bowl. Whisk lemon juice, mint, lemon zest, and honey together in a small bowl; drizzle over the fruit mixture and toss to coat. For best results, refrigerate the fruit salad for 1 hour before serving.

Title: Citrus and Pomegranate Salad
Ingredients: 2  pink or ruby-red grapefruits, 2  navel oranges, 4  tangerines, ½ cup pomegranate arils, ½ cup sour cream, ¼ cup frozen lemonade concentrate, undiluted, fresh mint sprigs for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Peel grapefruits, oranges, and tangerines with a serrated edge knife, being careful to remove the white pith. Slice all citrus fruit crossways and remove any seeds. Evenly distribute slices amongst 4 salad plates. Sprinkle pomegranate arils evenly over each salad. Stir together sour cream and undiluted lemonade concentrate in a small bowl for the dressing until smooth. Drizzle dressing over each salad. Garnish with mint sprigs. Cook's Note: Undiluted frozen orange juice concentrate or limeade concentrate may be used instead of lemonade concentrate. Add star fruit for a special touch at holiday time.

Title: Balsamic Grape and Walnut Salad
Ingredients: 2 cups red seedless grapes, halved, 2 cups coarsely chopped walnuts, ½  red onion, chopped, 3  green onions, chopped, 3  radishes, diced, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup balsamic vinaigrette salad dressing
Instructions: In a medium serving bowl, combine the grapes, walnuts, onion, green onion, radishes and raisins. Toss with balsamic vinaigrette dressing just before serving.

Title: Best Boiled Fruitcake
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups white sugar, 12 ounces candied mixed fruit, 1 cup milk, ¾ cup butter, 5 ounces glace cherries, roughly chopped, 2 ounces candied mixed citrus peel, 2 ounces chopped walnuts, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, ½ teaspoon baking soda, 12 ounces sifted self-rising flour, 2 large eggs
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (160 degrees C). Line an 8-inch deep cake pan with parchment paper. Place sugar, candied mixed fruit, milk, butter, cherries, citrus peel, walnuts, allspice, and baking soda in a medium-sized saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly. Stir flour and eggs into fruit mixture. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Wrap the outside of the pan with brown paper or newspaper. Bake cake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes. Reduce temperature to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) and continue baking cake for 1 1/2 hours. Let cake sit at room temperature for 5 minutes, then invert it onto a wired rack. Remove parchment paper, flip cake, and allow to cool completely on the rack. Cake may be stored wrapped in foil and in an airtight container for up to 6 months.

Title: Sharon's Jamaican Fruit Cake
Ingredients: 2 cups butter, 2 cups white sugar, 9 large eggs, ¼ cup white rum (Optional), 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon almond extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1  grated zest of one lime, 2 pounds chopped dried mixed fruit, 2 cups red wine, 1 cup dark molasses, 2 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ teaspoon ground allspice, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 pinch salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9-inch round cake pans. Place butter and sugar into a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat in eggs; add rum, lime juice, almond extract, vanilla, and lime zest. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in dried fruit, wine and molasses. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sift flour, baking powder, nutmeg, allspice, cinnamon, and salt together in a large bowl; gently fold into fruit mixture. Pour batter evenly into the prepared pans. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 80 to 90 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. Recipe Tips Use a combination of raisins, currants, golden raisins, prunes, dried cherries, or any dried fruit you prefer. For even better results, soak dried fruit in wine for at least 3 weeks or boil the fruit in the wine. Additional wine or rum can be brushed onto the cake as needed to keep it moist.

Title: Quick and Easy British Fruitcake
Ingredients: 1 ¾ cups self-rising flour, ½ cup unsalted butter, 1 ¼ cups dried mixed fruit, ½ cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1 teaspoon mixed spice (Optional), 5 tablespoons milk, 1  egg, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, or as needed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 6-inch round cake pan. Place flour in a bowl. Rub butter into the flour until mixture resembles fine bread crumbs. Add mixed fruit, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, and mixed spice. Stir to combine. Add milk and egg and mix until batter is soft and easy to drop. Drop batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle light brown sugar on top and pat down with the back of a spoon. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 1 to 1 1/4 hours. Cook’s Note Use any spice mixture you prefer. You can also use a 2-pound loaf pan lined with parchment paper. To make this ahead, I mix the flour, sugar, and butter in my mixer with the blade attachment until I get to the breadcrumb stage, then I freeze it. When I'm ready to bake it, I just remove it from the freezer, add the rest of the ingredients, and bake. If you double or triple the flour, sugar, and butter to put in the freezer, just weigh out 1 pound for each cake you want to make. Add the remaining ingredients listed above and bake. Save the rest of the frozen mixture for another time.

Title: Easiest Peanut Butter Fudge
Ingredients: ½ cup butter, 1 (16 ounce) package brown sugar, ½ cup milk, ¾ cup peanut butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 ½ cups confectioners' sugar
Instructions: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat; stir in brown sugar and milk. Bring to a boil and boil for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove the pot from heat; stir in peanut butter and vanilla. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place confectioners' sugar in a large mixing bowl. Pour in peanut butter mixture and beat with an electric mixer until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour peanut butter mixture into an 8x8-inch dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Chill until firm before slicing, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Fudge
Ingredients: 3 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, ¼ cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup chopped walnuts (Optional)
Instructions: Combine chocolate chips, condensed milk, and butter in large microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on medium heat until chips are melted, 3 to 5 minutes, stirring once or twice during the cooking. Meanwhile, generously grease an 8-inch square glass baking dish. Remove chocolate mixture from the microwave and stir in nuts. Pour into the prepared dish. Refrigerate until fudge is set, about 2 hours. Cut into 16 squares. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: The Original Fantasy Fudge
Ingredients: 3 cups white sugar, ¾ cup margarine, ⅔ cup evaporated milk, 1 (12 ounce) bag semisweet chocolate chips, 1 (7 ounce) jar marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Grease a 9x13-inch pan. Mix sugar, margarine, and evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil and cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and add chocolate chips; stir until chocolate chips are melted and mixture is thoroughly combined. Stir in marshmallow creme until incorporated. Mix in walnuts and vanilla. Transfer fudge to the prepared pan and use an offset spatula to spread out and flatten. Let cool for at least 1 hour before cutting into squares.

Title: Cheesy Garlic Bread
Ingredients: 1 (14 ounce) loaf French bread, cut in half horizontally, then halved again vertically, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 cup grated Parmesan-Romano cheese blend, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1/4 cup chopped chopped parsley
Instructions: Preheat the oven's broiler to Low. Place bread slices face up on a baking sheet; brush melted butter over tops. Divide garlic powder, Parmesan blend, and mozzarella evenly between slices, in that order. Place baking sheet on the middle rack. Broil on low until golden and bubbly, about 9 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped parsley.

Title: Cheesy Stuffed Garlic Hawaiian Rolls
Ingredients: 1 (12-count) package Hawaiian rolls, 6 mozzarella string cheese sticks, 5 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 2 teaspoons dried parsley, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Separate each roll and, using a paring knife, cut a 1/2-inch slit in the side and hollow out a small hole, taking care not to cut all the way through. Cut each string cheese in half and stick 1 piece into each prepared roll. Place rolls in a baking dish nestled close to each other. Place butter, garlic, parsley, salt, and pepper in a small microwave-safe bowl or measuring cup and cover loosely with a paper towel. Microwave until melted, stirring halfway through, until melted, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Brush butter mixture generously over each roll and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. Bake in the preheated oven until rolls are golden brown and lightly toasted, 15 to 18 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Garlic Knots
Ingredients: 1 ¾ cups self-rising flour, plus more for kneading, ¾ teaspoon garlic powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 cup plain whole-milk Greek-style yogurt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon olive oil, ½ teaspoon dried parsley, flaky sea salt, for garnish
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Stir together flour and 1/4 teaspoon each garlic powder, salt, and Italian seasoning in a bowl. Stir in yogurt until mixture forms a shaggy dough.Transfer dough to a well-floured work surface. Knead until mostly smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. If needed, add additional flour 1 teaspoon at a time to keep dough from being too sticky. Shape dough into a ball; press down gently to form a disk. Divide dough into 8 even wedges (a bench scraper is handy). Roll each wedge into a rope about 10 inches long. Tie into knots. Arrange knots about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until knots are lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together melted butter, oil, parsley, and remaining 1/2 tsp. garlic powder and 1/4 tsp. salt in a small bowl. Brush still-warm knots with butter mixture and sprinkle with flaky salt. Cool 5 minutes before serving. Store cooled knots in an airtight container at room temperature up to 2 days.

Title: White Gazpacho
Ingredients: 12 slices Italian bread, crusts removed, torn into small pieces, 2/3 cup raw cashews, 2 cups cold water, 2 medium English cucumbers, peeled and chopped, 1 1/2 cups green grapes, 2 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Chives, thinly sliced green grapes, and/or thinly sliced cucumbers, for garnish
Instructions: Let bread, cashews, and water stand in a high-powered blender 5 minutes. Add chopped cucumbers, grapes, garlic, vinegar, and salt to blender; purée until mostly smooth, about 1 minute. With motor running, drizzle in olive oil; purée until smooth, about 30 seconds more. Chill, covered, about 1 hour. Serve soup drizzled with additional olive oil and garnished with chives, sliced grapes, and/or sliced cucumbers.

Title: Chef John's Gazpacho
Ingredients: 4 large fresh tomatoes, peeled and diced, ½  English cucumber, peeled and finely diced, ½ cup finely diced red bell pepper, ¼ cup minced green onion, 1 large  jalapeño pepper, seeded and minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground cumin, 1 pinch dried oregano, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste, freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, ¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1  lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil
Instructions: Combine diced tomatoes, cucumber, bell pepper, green onion, jalapeño, and garlic in a large bowl. Stir in salt, cumin, oregano, cayenne pepper, and black pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place cherry tomatoes, olive oil, lime juice, balsamic vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce in a blender. Cover and purée until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour puréed mixture through a strainer into the tomato-cucumber mixture; stir to combine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place 1/3 of the tomato mixture into the blender. Cover, turn blender on, and purée until smooth. Return puréed mixture to the remaining tomato-cucumber mixture. Stir to combine. Cover and chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Season cold soup with salt and black pepper to taste. Ladle into bowls and top with basil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Easy Gazpacho
Ingredients: 4 cups tomato juice, 2 cups chopped tomatoes, 1  onion, minced, 1  green bell pepper, minced, 1  cucumber, chopped, 2  green onions, chopped, ¼ cup chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon white sugar, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Combine tomato juice, tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, cucumber, green onions, parsley, lemon juice, red wine vinegar, garlic, tarragon, basil, sugar, salt, and pepper in a blender or food processor. Blend until well combined but still slightly chunky. Pour into a serving bowl and cover. Place in the refrigerator to chill before serving, at least 2 hours.

Title: Soft Gingerbread Cookies
Ingredients: 1 (15 ounce) package spice cake mix, Duncan Hines® Perfectly Moist Spice Cake Mix, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1/3 cup vegetable oil, 1/4 cup molasses
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment. Whisk together cake mix, ginger, and cloves. Stir egg, oil, and molasses into the cake mix mixture until combined. Using a cookie scoop or tablespoon, drop the dough about two inches apart onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are set, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Cook’s Note To make soft crinkle gingerbread cookies, roll the dough into evenly sized balls and coat in a mixture of equal parts granulated sugar and powdered sugar. Bake according to the recipe.

Title: Gingerbread Snowflakes
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 ½ teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 ½ teaspoons baking soda, ½ teaspoon fine salt, ¼ teaspoon ground cloves, ⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper (Optional), ⅛ teaspoon cayenne pepper (Optional), 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, ⅔ cup white sugar, ¼ cup molasses, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 1 cup powdered sugar, 4 teaspoons water, or as needed
Instructions: Gather all the ingredients. ALLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAITI Whisk 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons flour, cocoa powder, ground ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, salt, cloves, black pepper, and cayenne together in a large bowl until thoroughly mixed. ALLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAITI Cream together butter and sugar in a separate bowl with an electric mixer until pale yellow and creamy, about 2 minutes. Add molasses, vanilla, and egg. Whisk mixture until well blended. Add flour mixture to butter mixture and stir just until the flour disappears. ALLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAITI Spread out a piece of plastic wrap on the counter and set dough on top. Wrap dough with plastic wrap while shaping it into a rectangle approximately 1-inch high by 4 to 5 inches wide. Refrigerate until dough is cold and firm, about 1 hour. ALLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAITI Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a Silpat mat. ALLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAITI After the dough has chilled, slice across the block into 14 or 15 pieces about 3/8 inch thick. Each slice is then cut in half, and each half into 3 strips lengthwise. ALLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAITI Use 3 strips of the dough to form the 6-pointed star as shown and place onto the prepared baking sheet with space in between as they spread out. ALLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAITI Bake in the preheated oven for about 12 minutes if you like the cookies to be chewy, or 15 minutes for crispy cookies. Remove from the oven and wait for 5 minutes before carefully transferring cookies to a wire rack. Allow to cool completely, about 30 minutes. ALLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAITI Mix together the powdered sugar and water until a ribbon is formed. Transfer the icing into a piping bag with a small round tip. Pipe snowflake designs onto the cooled cookies. ALLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAITI Serve and enjoy! ALLRECIPES / BAHAREH NAITI

Title: Big Soft Ginger Cookies
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons white sugar, 2 ¼ cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon baking soda, ¾ teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon ground cloves, ¼ teaspoon salt, ¾ cup butter or margarine, softened, 1 cup white sugar, 1 large egg, ¼ cup molasses, 1 tablespoon water
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Set 2 tablespoons sugar in a small bowl; set aside. Sift together flour, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, and salt in a bowl. Beat butter and remaining 1 cup sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in egg, then stir in molasses and water. Gradually stir the sifted ingredients into the molasses mixture until well combined. Use floured hands to shape dough into 24 walnut-sized balls. Roll each ball in the reserved sugar until coated. Place cookies 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets, and flatten slightly with the bottom of a glass. Bake in the preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes, switching racks halfway through. Remove from the oven and allow cookies to cool on the baking sheets for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. ZAKIAH

Title: Mom's Ginger Snaps
Ingredients: 1 cup packed brown sugar, ¾ cup vegetable oil, ¼ cup molasses, 1 large egg, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon ground cloves, ¼ teaspoon salt, ⅓ cup white sugar for decoration
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix brown sugar, oil, molasses, and egg together in a large bowl. Combine flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, and salt; stir into the molasses mixture. Roll dough into 1 1/4-inch balls. Roll each ball in white sugar before placing 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until center is firm, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on wire racks.

Title: Grandma's Gingersnap Cookies
Ingredients: ⅓ cup cinnamon sugar, 2 cups sifted all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon salt, ¾ cup shortening or butter, 1 cup white sugar, 1 large egg, ¼ cup dark molasses
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place cinnamon sugar in a bowl; set aside. Sift flour, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt into a mixing bowl. Stir the mixture until blended, then sift a second time into another bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat shortening in a large bowl with an electric mixer until creamy. Gradually beat in white sugar. Add egg and molasses and beat until light and fluffy. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sift 1/3 of the flour mixture into the shortening mixture; stir to thoroughly blend. Sift in the remaining flour mixture and mix together until a soft dough forms. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pinch off small amounts of dough and roll them with your hands into 1-inch-diameter balls. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place balls in cinnamon sugar and roll to coat, then place 2-inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until tops are rounded and slightly cracked, about 10 minutes, switching racks halfway through. Cool cookies on a wire rack. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor The magazine version of this recipe uses 2 tablespoons cinnamon mixed with 2 teaspoons sugar to coat the cookies before baking.

Title: Grandma's Gingersnaps
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups white sugar, divided, ¾ cup margarine, 1 large egg, ¼ cup molasses, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cream together 1 cup sugar and margarine until smooth. Beat in egg and molasses until well blended. Combine flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, and salt; stir into molasses mixture to form a dough. Roll dough into 1-inch balls and roll the balls in remaining 1/2 cup sugar. Place cookies 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake in the preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes. Allow cookies to cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.

Title: Zucchini Pizza Bites
Ingredients: 2 zucchini, sliced into ¼-inch thick rounds, 1/4 cup pizza sauce, or more to taste, 20 slices pepperoni, or more to taste, 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, or as needed, Italian seasoning, dried parsley, or oregano for sprinkling (Optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Spread zucchini slices in 1 layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until zucchini is tender, about 15 minutes. Spoon pizza sauce over each zucchini slice and top with pepperoni and mozzarella cheese. Sprinkle herbs over each. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted, about 5 minutes more.

Title: Almond Flour Bread
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups almond flour, ⅓ cup flaxseed meal, 4 large eggs, ¼ cup unsweetened almond milk, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease an 8x4-inch loaf pan, or line with parchment paper. Mix almond flour, flaxseed meal, eggs, almond milk, olive oil, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl until a soft dough forms. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer to the prepared loaf pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown on top, about 40 minutes. Cool in the loaf pan for 10 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Gluten-Free Holiday Bliss Cookie Bars
Ingredients: 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, ¾ cup brown sugar, ½ cup white sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 ½ cups gluten-free flour blend (such as Namaste Perfect Flour Blend™), 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon xanthan gum, 1 (8 ounce) package white chocolate chips, ¾ cup shredded coconut, 1 (16 ounce) container cream cheese frosting, ½ cup chopped dried cranberries, or to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 9x13-inch pan. Beat butter, brown sugar, white sugar, eggs, cinnamon, and vanilla extract together in a bowl until smooth. Stir flour, baking soda, salt, and xanthan gum together in a separate bowl. Stir 1/2 of the flour mixture into the egg mixture; mix well. Stir in remaining flour mixture, along with white chocolate chips and coconut. Mix well. Press into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until the edges start to brown, about 23 minutes. Let cool completely, about 30 minutes. Frost with cream cheese frosting and sprinkle with cranberry bits. Cut into 48 triangles. Cook's Note: You can bake these as individual cookies. Bake until golden on the edges, about 12 minutes.

Title: Quick and Easy Tomato Basil Gnocchi
Ingredients: 2 cups potato gnocchi, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pinch italian seasoning, 3/4 cup prepared spaghetti sauce, 1/4 cup freshly shredded Parmesan cheese, or to taste, 6 fresh basil leaves, cut into very thin strips, or to taste
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over medium high heat. Drop in gnocchi, and cook until gnocchi float to the top, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain and set aside. Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat, and sauté garlic until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in Italian seasoning and gnocchi. Pour in spaghetti sauce and cook until sauce is warmed through, about 5 minutes. Add gnocchi to two bowls. Garnish with freshly shredded Parmesan and basil strips. Cook’s Note I used freshly made gnocchi made with leftover mashed potatoes, flour, and egg.

Title: One Pan Chicken Gnocchi
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon butter, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 (8 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 teaspoons butter, 1 pound gnocchi, 2 cups bite-sized broccoli florets, 1 zucchini, sliced into thin ribbons, 1 yellow squash, cut into half moons, 1/2 cup quartered mushrooms, 1/4 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1/4 cup diced red bell pepper, 2 teaspoons butter, 2 tablespoons minced shallot (about 1 shallot), 1 cup chicken broth, 3/4 cup half-and-half, 1/4 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, or more to taste
Instructions: Heat oil and butter in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Slice chicken breasts in half horizontally to create thin breasts. Sprinkle with seasonings. Place chicken in the skillet and cook until golden brown on each side, about 4 minutes. Remove chicken to a plate and keep warm. In the same skillet, melt butter. Add gnocchi and season with salt and pepper. Cook until gnocchi is golden, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove gnocchi to a bowl. Add broccoli, zucchini, squash, mushrooms, and bell pepper and season with Italian seasoning. Saute until vegetables are crisp and tender, 5 to 7 minutes, depending on the thickness of the vegetables. Add minced garlic during the last 45 seconds; quickly saute until fragrant. Remove vegetables to the same bowl with gnocchi. Melt 2 teaspoons butter in the same skillet; and cook shallot until softened and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Pour in chicken broth, half-and-half, and heavy cream. Whisk in flour, and cook, whisking to prevent lumps, until thickened, about 3 minutes. Squeeze in lemon juice to taste. Combine gnocchi and vegetables with cream sauce, and top with cooked chicken.

Title: Creamy Gnocchi with Vegetables
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons butter, 1 (12 ounce) package prepared gnocchi, 8 ounces frozen mixed vegetables, such as Birds Eye® Normandy blend, 1/2 cup evaporated milk, 1 tablespoon pesto, 2 ounces spreadable cheese, such as alouette® Garlic & Herbs Soft Spreadable Cheese
Instructions: Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add gnocchi and vegetables, and cook until vegetables are tender and gnocchi is golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in evaporated milk, pesto, and alouette cheese, and cook until sauce is smooth and evenly coats gnocchi and vegetables, about 5 minutes. Serve immediately.

Title: Classic Goulash
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 2 pounds lean ground beef, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 cups water, 2 (15 ounce) cans tomato sauce, 2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons dried Italian herb seasoning, 1 tablespoon seasoned salt, or to taste, 3  bay leaves, 2 cups uncooked elbow macaroni
Instructions: Heat olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onion and cook 3 minutes, stirring often. Add ground beef and cook, breaking up the meat until it is evenly browned, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook 3 minutes, stirring often. Stir in water, tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, soy sauce, Italian seasoning, seasoned salt, and bay leaves. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook 5 minutes, stirring halfway through. Stir in uncooked macaroni, cover, and simmer over medium heat until pasta is tender, 11 to 13 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat, discard bay leaves, and serve. KGora Slow Cooker Version: Preheat a slow cooker on High. Make the recipe through Step 1; place browned beef and onion mixture into the preheated slow cooker. Mix in water, tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, soy sauce, Italian seasoning, seasoned salt, and bay leaves. Add uncooked macaroni and stir until thoroughly combined. Cook on High for 1 hour.

Title: Hungarian Goulash
Ingredients: ⅓ cup vegetable oil, 3  onions, sliced, 2 tablespoons Hungarian sweet paprika, 3 teaspoons salt, divided, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 pounds beef stew meat, cut into 1 1/2 inch cubes, 1 ½ cups water, 1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste, 1 clove garlic, minced
Instructions: Heat oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook and stir onions in oil until soft, 2 to 4 minutes. Remove onions and set them aside. Combine paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Coat beef cubes in spice mixture, and cook in the onion pot until brown on all sides. Return onions to the pot with beef; pour in water, tomato paste, garlic, and remaining 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until meat is tender, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chef John's American Goulash
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 large onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large bay leaves, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 quart chicken broth, 1 (24 ounce) jar marinara sauce, 1 (15 ounce) can diced tomatoes, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 cups elbow macaroni, ¼ cup chopped Italian parsley, 1 cup shredded white Cheddar cheese (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a pot over medium-high heat. Add ground beef and onion; cook and stir until beef is browned and crumbly and onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Continue to cook and stir until liquid is evaporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Add garlic, bay leaves, paprika, Italian seasoning, salt, black pepper, and cayenne. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook, stirring occasionally, until flavors come together, about 3 minutes. Pour in broth, marinara sauce, and diced tomatoes. Pour water into the sauce jar, swirl, and pour into the pot. Stir in soy sauce; bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until flavors intensify, about 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Increase the heat to medium-high and bring to a rapid simmer. Stir in macaroni; cook, stirring occasionally, until just barely tender, about 12 minutes. Check for doneness after 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove from the heat and discard bay leaves. Stir in Cheddar and parsley. Cover and let rest for 5 minutes. Taste and season as desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Chef's Notes Make your own Italian herb mix with a blend of oregano, thyme, rosemary, sage, parsley, and basil. Feel free to use water instead of chicken broth. You can also add beans to turn this into an excellent pasta fazool.

Title: Yogurt Parfait
Ingredients: 2 cups vanilla yogurt, 1 cup granola, 8  blackberries
Instructions: Layer 1 cup yogurt, 1/2 cup granola, and 4 blackberries in a large glass; repeat layers.

Title: Megan's Granola
Ingredients: 8 cups rolled oats, 1 ½ cups wheat germ, 1 ½ cups oat bran, 1 cup sunflower seeds, 1 cup finely chopped almonds, 1 cup finely chopped pecans, 1 cup finely chopped walnuts, 1 cup vegetable oil, ¾ cup honey, ½ cup brown sugar, ¼ cup maple syrup, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, 2 cups raisins
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line two large baking sheets with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Combine oats, wheat germ, oat bran, sunflower seeds, almonds, pecans, and walnuts in a large bowl. Stir oil, honey, brown sugar, maple syrup, cinnamon, vanilla, and salt together in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then pour over dry ingredients and stir to coat. Transfer to the prepared baking sheets and spread out evenly. Bake in the preheated oven until crispy and toasted, about 20 minutes, stirring once halfway through. Let cool for 15 to 20 minutes, then stir in raisins. Alberta Rose Recipe Tip You can use sweetened, dried cranberries instead of raisins if preferred.

Title: Stovetop Granola
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cups rolled oats, ⅓ cup butter, 2 tablespoons honey, ⅓ cup packed brown sugar, ½ cup chopped almonds, ⅓ cup dried cranberries
Instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add oats then cook and stir until starting to brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and spread out on a cookie sheet to cool. Melt the butter in the same pan over medium heat. Stir in the honey and brown sugar; cook, stirring constantly, until bubbly. Return the oats to the pan. Cook and stir for another 5 minutes or so. Pour out onto the cookie sheet and spread to cool. Once cool, transfer to an airtight container and stir in the almonds and dried cranberries. Any additional nuts and fruit can be stirred in at this time also. Nakia

Title: Beef au Jus
Ingredients: ¼ cup beef drippings, 1 ½ tablespoons all-purpose flour, 2 cups beef broth, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Melt drippings in a skillet over medium-high heat. Whisk in flour and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture thickens, about 3 minutes. Add beef broth gradually, whisking constantly, then increase heat to high and bring to a boil; season with salt and pepper to taste. Meredith Food Studio

Title: Roast Beef and Pan Gravy for Beginners
Ingredients: 3 1/2 to 4 teaspoons kosher salt (use 1 teaspoon per pound of beef), 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 3 1/2 to 4 pounds top round beef roast (sometimes sold as "London Broil"), 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 3 cups torn miatake (hen-of-the-woods) mushrooms, or any mushrooms, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 tablespoon cold butter, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or any wine vinegar, 2 cups high quality, low-sodium beef broth, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 teaspoon freshly picked thyme leaves
Instructions: Combine 1 teaspoon salt per pound of beef, 1 teaspoon black pepper, and granulated garlic in a small bowl and mix well. Set the beef on a piece of butcher paper, and apply half of salt mixture evenly to each side, tamping it on lightly with a fork. Press the sides of the roast onto any seasoning that has fallen onto the paper. Place beef on a wire rack set over a pan. Refrigerate the “dry brined” beef, uncovered, for 24 hours, turning meat over once after 12 hours. Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Heat oil in an oven-safe pan or skillet over high heat; add beef to pan and sear on both sides until nicely browned, about 3 minutes per side. Using tongs, pick up the meat and sear on the sides as well, if desired. Turn off heat and add onions to the pan wherever they fit; top with mushrooms. Season vegetables with the 1/2 teaspoon salt. Drizzle melted butter over vegetables, and brush melted butter over beef. Roast in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F (170 degrees C), and continue to roast beef until desired internal temperature is reached. Begin to check temperature after 15 to 20 minutes. For medium-rare, an instant-read thermometer inserted near the center of beef should reach 125 degrees F (52 degrees C). For medium, internal temperature should reach 130 to 135 degrees F (54 to 57 degrees C). Total roasting time will depend on the size of the roast. Remove beef from the oven, transfer to a plate, and cover loosely with foil. Let rest at least 15 to 20 minutes before slicing. Meanwhile, prepare the gravy. Remove mushrooms from the pan, and keep warm until ready to serve. Melt 1 tablespoon cold butter in the pan over medium-high heat; sprinkle in flour, and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Whisk in vinegar and beef broth, and bring mixture to a boil, stirring occasionally. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne to taste, and add thyme leaves. Continue boiling on medium-high heat until gravy reduces by about half and thickens slightly. Gravy can be reduced more for a thicker texture. Once meat is rested, slice thinly at a 45-degree angle, and serve with mushrooms and hot gravy over the top. Chef John Chef's Notes: This method will work with any type of beef roast, but times will vary. A splash of red wine (about 1/4 cup) can be used instead of vinegar. For a thicker gravy, double the butter and flour amounts for the beginning gravy step.

Title: Simple Turkey Gravy
Ingredients: ½ cup fat from turkey drippings, ½ cup all-purpose flour, 1 cup liquid from turkey drippings, 2 cups turkey stock, ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Heat fat from turkey drippings in a saucepan over medium-low heat until liquefied, 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk flour into turkey fat until golden, about 5 minutes. Whisk liquid from turkey drippings and turkey stock into fat-flour mixture; increase heat to medium and cook, whisking continuously, until gravy is smooth and desired consistency, 5 to 10 minutes. Season gravy with pepper. Recipe Tip You can use chicken stock instead of turkey stock.

Title: Grilled Radicchio and Avocado Salad with Zhug
Ingredients: 1 head radicchio, 2 avocados - halved, peeled, and pitted, 1 lemon, halved, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 jalapeno pepper, 3/4 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 3/4 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 3/4 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 head butterhead lettuce, torn, 1/3 cup finely shredded Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat (350 to 375 degrees F (175 to 190 degrees C)). Remove any wilted outer leaves from radicchio, then halve the head lengthwise through the core. Brush cut sides of radicchio, avocados, and lemon with 1 tablespoon oil; arrange, cut sides down, along with the whole jalapeño, on grill grate. Cover grill. Grill radicchio, turning halfway through, until charred, 2 to 3 minutes. Grill avocados and lemon until cut sides are charred, 3 to 4 minutes. Grill jalapeño, turning to char on all sides, about 8 minutes. When cool enough to handle, core and roughly chop radicchio and avocado; transfer to a serving bowl. Stem and (if desired) seed jalapeño. For zhug, blend jalapeño, juice of grilled lemon, parsley, cilantro, garlic, coriander, salt, and remaining 4 tablespoons oil in a blender or food processor until smooth. Add lettuce, Parmesan, and zhug to radicchio and avocado mixture; toss to coat. Serve immediately.

Title: Oregon Fall Salad
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, ½ teaspoon cider vinegar, sea salt to taste, coarse ground black pepper to taste, 1 (10 ounce) bag mild field salad greens, or to taste, ½ cup hazelnuts, 2  apples, cored and sliced paper-thin, ⅓ cup sharp Cheddar cheese rectangles
Instructions: Whisk olive oil, cider vinegar, sea salt, and black pepper together in a large bowl until dressing is smooth. Pour salad greens into bowl and toss in dressing to coat. Cook and stir hazelnuts in a skillet over medium heat until lightly browned, 4 to 7 minutes. Transfer hazelnuts to a work surface and roughly chop. Layer apple slices, Cheddar cheese, and hazelnuts atop dressed greens.

Title: Kale Sweet Potato Salad
Ingredients: 1 sweet potato, 1/2 red onion, 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 4 strips bacon, 1 bunch kale, 1 Granny Smith apple - cored and diced, 2 green onions, sliced, 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1/2 cup raw, unsalted sunflower seeds (optional), 1/4 cup bacon grease or other oil
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a 12 x18-inch rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Peel and dice sweet potato into 3/4-inch pieces, about 2 cups, and place in a bowl. Dice onion into 3/4-inch pieces and add to sweet potatoes. Add olive oil; season with salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Spread vegetables in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the center of the preheated oven until sweet potatoes are fork tender, but not mushy, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. Meanwhile, cook bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until brown and crisp, 5 to 8 minutes, turning occasionally. Remove from heat, crumble, and set aside. Reserve bacon fat and allow to cool, but do not refrigerate. Remove tough stems from kale, rinse well, and place in a colander to drain. Lightly press kale with paper towels to assist with drying. Cut kale into bite-sized pieces and place in a large salad bowl. Add cooled sweet potatoes and onions, apple, and green onions. To make dressing, place reserved bacon fat, about 1/4 cup, in a pint jar with a well-fitting lid. If you don't have enough bacon fat, add enough oil to get to 1/4 cup. Add vinegar, mustard, honey, and salt and pepper, to taste. Attach the lid and shake vigorously to combine. Pour dressing over salad, and toss. Sprinkle crumbled bacon over salad, and garnish with sunflower seeds.

Title: Southern Grits Casserole
Ingredients: 6 cups water, 2 cups uncooked grits, 3 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, divided, ½ cup butter, cut into pieces, divided, 1 pound ground pork sausage, 12 large eggs, ½ cup milk, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a large baking dish. Bring water to a boil in a large saucepan; stir in grits. Reduce the heat, cover, and simmer until liquid has been absorbed, about 5 minutes. Mix in 2 cups Cheddar cheese and 1/2 of the butter until melted. Cook sausage in a skillet over medium-high heat until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and add to grits mixture. Whisk eggs and milk together in a bowl. Pour into the skillet used to cook the sausage. Lightly scramble eggs over medium-low heat, then mix into grits mixture. Pour grits mixture into the prepared baking dish. Dot with remaining butter, sprinkle with remaining 1 cup Cheddar, and season with salt and pepper. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, about 30 minutes. Melissa Goff

Title: Breakfast Grits
Ingredients: 3 cups water, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 cup hominy grits, ½ cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 1 tablespoon butter, freshly ground black pepper
Instructions: Bring water and salt to a boil in a saucepan. Whisk in grits; continue to whisk for 1 minute. When the mixture comes to a boil again, turn the heat to low. Stir frequently, cook for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove grits from the heat and add cheese, butter, and pepper; mix well. Stir until butter and cheese are melted.

Title: Cheese Grits Casserole
Ingredients: 2 ¼ cups whole milk, 2 ¼ cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup quick-cooking grits, 1 (8 ounce) package processed cheese (such as Velveeta®), cubed, ½ pound sharp Cheddar cheese, cubed, ¼ cup butter, ⅛ teaspoon garlic powder, 2  eggs, beaten
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 9x12-inch baking dish. Bring milk, water, and salt to a boil in a large saucepan; gradually sprinkle grits into the boiling liquid, stirring to combine. Cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir processed cheese, sharp Cheddar cheese, butter, and garlic powder into grits, stirring until cheese has melted. Let the mixture stand until cooled, about 15 minutes. Stir beaten eggs into grits; transfer to prepared baking dish. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is lightly golden brown and the grits are set, about 45 minutes. Cook’s Note Any leftovers can be frozen and reheated.

Title: Triple Seared Whiskey Burger
Ingredients: 1 pound ground beef (85% lean recommended), 2 teaspoons avocado oil, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 1/3 cup whiskey, 1/4 cup soy sauce
Instructions: Wet your hands, and form 2 (8-ounce) burgers; place on a plate, cover, and refrigerate until ready to grill. For this process, cold meat works best. Before starting the triple-searing process, build a very hot hardwood charcoal fire. Oak, mesquite or hickory are great choices. The coals should be glowing red, and radiating extreme heat before the meat hits the grill. Rub burgers all over with oil. Coat with sea salt until entire surface area is completely covered. Pour whiskey into a shallow bowl; set aside. Place burgers on hottest spot on the grill, and sear both sides, 2 minutes per side. Transfer burgers into bowl of whiskey, and turn constantly for at least 1 minute. Most of the salt will rinse off. Place burgers back onto the hottest spot on the grill, and sear both sides again, 2 minutes per side. You can baste steak with a small amount of whiskey while searing. Add soy sauce to another shallow bowl. Add burgers to the bowl, and turn constantly for at least 1 minute. Return burgers to the hottest spot on the grill for the 3rd and final sear. Grill each side until desired doneness is reached, about 2 minutes. For a rosy-pink (medium-rare) inside, remove when an instant-read thermometer inserted near the center reads 125 to 130 F (52 to 54 degrees C). Chef John Chef's Note: For an optional step, after the last (soy) sear, more whiskey can be drizzled over and seared on and while you wait for the burger to finish cooking. For an 8 ounce burger, over very high heat, about 2 minutes per side, per sear, should get you close to medium-rare.

Title: Beef Enchilada Bake
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large bell pepper, any color, diced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 (15 ounce) can chili beans, salt and pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 (15 ounce) can red enchilada sauce, divided, 12 corn tortillas, 12 ounces Mexican blend shredded cheese, cilantro, for garnish (optional), sour cream, for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add olive oil, then add onions. Sauté until onions just start to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add bell pepper; sauté 1 to 2 minutes. Add garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add ground beef; cook, breaking up beef with a spatula, until browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Drain any grease. Stir in chili beans. Season with salt, black pepper, and cumin. Stir in 1 cup enchilada sauce, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, spread remaining enchilada sauce evenly in the bottom of a 10x8-inch baking dish. Using a sharp knife, carefully cut a straight edge off one side of the tortillas. Place 4 tortillas with the cut edge facing the sides of the dish. Spread half of the beef mixture over tortillas and top with 3 ounces cheese. Add another layer of tortillas, then beef mixture and 3 ounces cheese to create the second layer. Repeat layers ending with remaining cheese. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove foil; bake until cheese is lightly browned, 5 to 10 minutes more. Remove from the oven; allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with sour cream and chopped cilantro if desired.

Title: Baked Burger Dogs
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons melted butter or oil, divided, 1 1/2 pounds ground beef, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/8 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/3 cup finely diced red onion, 1/3 cup diced dill or sweet pickles, well drained, 6 ounces Cheddar cheese, shredded, divided, 8 hot dog buns
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease a large 15x10-inch casserole dish with 1 tablespoon melted butter or oil. Add beef, salt, black pepper, garlic powder, red onion, pickles, and 4 ounces shredded cheese to a bowl, and use a fork to mix until all ingredients are evenly combined. Divide beef mixture into 8 equal portions. Using damp fingers, shape 1 portion into a log and gently press onto the bottom of a hot dog bun. Lightly press bun together, trapping the meat, and place stuffed bun in the baking dish with meat facing straight up. Repeat until all 8 buns are stuffed. Brush all exposed areas of buns with remaining 1 tablespoon melted butter or oil, and sprinkle over remaining 2 ounces of cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until meat is no longer pink at the center, and buns are golden brown and crispy on the edges, about 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the center should read 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Serve immediately with classic burger and hot dog toppings and condiments. John Mitzewich

Title: Chicken Meatballs
Ingredients: 1/4 cup olive oil, divided, 1/3 cup panko (Japanese-style breadcrumbs), 1/3 cup whole milk, 1/4 cup pre-grated Parmesan cheese, 2 teaspoons italian seasoning, 1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon onion powder, 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground chicken breast, 1 large egg, lightly beaten
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) with a rack in the top third position. Line a large-rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper, and lightly grease with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir together breadcrumbs and milk in a bowl until fully combined. Let stand at room temperature until milk is fully absorbed into breadcrumbs, about 10 minutes. Add Parmesan, Italian seasoning, Worcestershire sauce, salt, onion powder, granulated garlic, and pepper to the breadcrumb mixture, and stir to combine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix together chicken, egg, and 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large bowl until combined. Fold breadcrumb mixture into chicken mixture until just combined. Place chicken mixture in refrigerator, uncovered, and chill until firm, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently shape chicken mixture into 20 (1 1/2-inch balls), and place on the prepared baking sheet leaving a 1-inch space between each meatball. Brush tops and sides of meatballs with remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a meatball registers 165 degrees F (73 degrees C), 15 to 20 minutes, flipping after 8 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Harissa Chicken Meatballs
Ingredients: 1 pound ground chicken, 1/3 cup breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons harissa paste, 3/4 teaspoon garlic powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine ground chicken, breadcrumbs, egg, harissa, garlic powder, salt, cumin, paprika, and black pepper in a large bowl. Mix gently with a fork or damp hands just until thoroughly combined. Shape the mixture into approximately 24 meatballs; place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until cooked through and lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Sprinkle with mint. Serve hot with your favorite side dish or dipping sauce.

Title: Grilled Chicken Meatballs
Ingredients: 1 pound ground chicken, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pinch freshly ground black pepper, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 1/3 cup thinly sliced green onions, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons plain fine bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 4 skewers
Instructions: Add chicken, sesame oil, soy sauce, mirin, salt, pepper, cayenne, green onions, garlic, and bread crumbs to a bowl, and use a fork to gently but thoroughly mix everything together. Wrap and chill in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes before shaping. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil, and lightly grease the foil. Divide meatball mixture into 16 portions (about 2 rounded tablespoons each), and transfer onto the prepared pan. Using damp hands, roll each portion into a smooth meatball; and space out evenly on the baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Meatballs will be just cooked through, and an instant read thermometer inserted near the center will read 145 to 150 degrees F (63 to 66 degrees C). Let cool; wrap and keep in the refrigerator until needed. These can be made the day before. Preheat an outdoor grill, preferably charcoal, for medium heat, and lightly oil the grate. Stir ketchup, hoisin, fresh ginger, and rice vinegar together in a small bowl, and set aside. Place 4 meatballs on each skewer, and grill until lightly charred and heated through, about 3 minutes per side. Turn over, and brush with glaze. Turn back over, so the brushed side is down, and let sear for about 30 seconds; meanwhile, brush top with glaze. Turn over once more and let sear for about 30 seconds; remove from the heat. Apply more glaze after removing from the grill, as desired. Serve immediately. John Mitzewich

Title: Spiced Harissa Beef-and-Lamb Koftas
Ingredients: 1 pound 85% lean ground beef chuck, 8 ounces ground lamb, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1/4 cup grated onion, 2 tablespoons harissa paste (see Note), 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 cup plain yogurt, 1 1/2 tablespoons tahini (sesame seed paste), 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 1/8 teaspoon salt
Instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat (350 to 375 degrees F (175 to 190 degrees C)). Combine beef, lamb, egg, cilantro, onion, harissa, garlic, coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, the cumin, turmeric, ginger, and cinnamon in a large bowl. Be careful not to overmix, or meat will be tough. Shape mixture around 6 (10-inch) skewers, making the meat mixture 1-inch thick around the skewers. Oil grill grates. Grill koftas, covered, turning occasionally, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into centers registers 160 degrees F (71 degrees C), about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, stir yogurt, tahini, lemon juice, parsley, and 1/8 teaspoon salt together in a small bowl. Serve yogurt sauce with koftas. Cook’s Note Harissa is available as a sauce or as a paste, which have distinct consistencies. Brands also differ by ingredients and heat level, so start with a small amount and taste before adding more. If using wooden skewers, soak 30 minutes before using to prevent burning.

Title: Sophie's Shepherd's Pie
Ingredients: 4 large baking potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 tablespoon butter, ¼ cup milk, 2 pounds ground lamb, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cube beef bouillon, 12  button mushrooms, sliced, 1  onion, finely chopped, 1 (16 ounce) can baked beans, 1 (12 ounce) can canned diced tomatoes, 3 tablespoons brown gravy mix (Optional), 1 (15 ounce) can carrots, drained (Optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place the potatoes into a saucepan and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, then cook over medium heat until tender enough to pierce with a fork, about 10 minutes. Drain and mash with butter and milk to your desired texture. Meanwhile, crumble the ground lamb into a large skillet. Cook and stir until no longer pink. Season with Worcestershire sauce and beef bouillon. Add the mushrooms and onion; continue to cook and stir until tender. Transfer the contents of the skillet to a large casserole dish. Mix the baked beans, diced tomatoes, gravy mix and carrots in with the lamb. Dollop big blobs of mashed potatoes over the top and carefully spread evenly to cover the entire top. Rake over it with a fork to create a crispy texture on top when it browns. Bake for 10 minutes in the preheated oven, until the top is browned and crisp.

Title: Turkish Doner Kebab
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, ½ teaspoon onion powder, ½ teaspoon dried Italian herb seasoning, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 ¼ pounds ground lamb
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine flour, oregano, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, Italian seasoning, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Add ground lamb and knead until thoroughly mixed together, about 3 minutes. Shape seasoned lamb mixture and place into a loaf pan; set on top of a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven, turning halfway to ensure even browning, for about 1 hour and 20 minutes. Wrap loaf in aluminum foil and let rest for about 10 minutes. Slice as thinly as possible to make doner kebab pieces.

Title: Ground Pork Tacos with Pineapple Salsa
Ingredients: 1 pound ground pork, 1 tablespoon soy-based liquid seasoning (such as Maggi® Jugo), ½ teaspoon chipotle powder, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup diced fresh pineapple, ¼ cup minced red onion, 1 small jalapeño pepper, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, ½  lime, juiced, salt to taste, 8 (6 inch) corn tortillas
Instructions: Combine ground pork, liquid seasoning, ground chipotle powder, and garlic in a bowl. Set aside briefly for flavors to meld. Meanwhile, make the salsa: Combine pineapple, red onion, jalapeño, cilantro, lime juice, and salt in a bowl. Set aside. Preheat a large skillet over high heat. Crumble ground pork into the hot skillet. Cook and stir until pork is completely browned and edges begin to crisp, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain any excess grease. Place pork in a bowl and keep warm. Wipe out skillet. Warm tortillas in skillet over medium-low heat, about 20 seconds per side. Divide meat mixture between tortillas and top with pineapple salsa. Cook’s Note Jugo Maggi seasoning is the Mexican version of regular Maggi seasoning, and can be found in the International aisle of your supermarket. It will add a deep umami flavor to ground pork. If you cannot find either, you can combine equal parts soy sauce and Worcestershire sauce.

Title: Spicy Pumpkin Pork Noodles
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 8 ounces ground pork, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, ¼ teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 cloves minced garlic, ⅓ cup sliced green onions, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 6 ounces bucatini (dry), 1 tablespoon reserved oil from cooking pork, ½ cup pumpkin puree, 2 tablespoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste), ½ cup sliced green onions, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons diced hot chile peppers, 1  lime, juiced, ¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Heat oil in a skillet over medium high heat and cook pork, while breaking up into small pieces, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt, pepper, and smoked paprika and keep cooking and stirring until pork is crumble and is browned up, about 5 minutes. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Lower heat to medium and add garlic and green onions. Cook for 30 seconds until fragrant. Mix in hoisin sauce and cook until sauce has glazed over all the pork pieces, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer pork topping to a bowl. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Pour out cooking grease but leave 1 tablespoon of grease in the skillet. Add pumpkin puree, gochujang, green onions, sesame oil, and chili peppers. Cook and stir over medium heat for 2 minutes. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook bucatini the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 10 minutes. Fish out noodles and drop into the skillet with the pumpkin sauce. Reserve about 1/2 cup pasta cooking water. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Squeeze lime juice on top of the noodles. Add about 2 tablespoons pasta water on top and mix noodles with the sauce until well combined. Keep adding pasta water, a little at a time, until sauce has reached your preferred consistency. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Turn off heat and stir in chopped cilantro. Transfer noodles to a plate and top with ground pork. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Serve and enjoy! ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Cook's Notes: If you are doing the pumpkin puree from scratch, roast a sugar pumpkin at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) until very soft, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. You can use any other dry noodles instead of bucatini. Just cook in salted water until tender. Make sure you fish pasta out of the water and transfer it into the skillet, since cooking water needs to be reserved, and used to adjust sauce.

Title: Ground Pork Tacos with Pineapple Salsa
Ingredients: 1 pound ground pork, 1 tablespoon soy-based liquid seasoning (such as Maggi® Jugo), ½ teaspoon chipotle powder, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup diced fresh pineapple, ¼ cup minced red onion, 1 small jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, ½  lime, juiced, salt to taste, 8 (6 inch) corn tortillas
Instructions: Combine ground pork, liquid seasoning, ground chipotle powder, and garlic in a bowl. Set aside for flavors to meld. Combine pineapple, red onion, jalapeno, cilantro, lime juice, and salt in a bowl. Set pineapple salsa aside. Preheat a large skillet over high heat. Crumble ground pork into the hot skillet. Cook and stir until pork is completely browned and edges begin to crisp, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain any excess grease. Place pork in a bowl and keep warm. Wipe out skillet. Warm tortillas in skillet over medium-low heat, about 20 seconds per side. Divide meat mixture between tortillas and top with pineapple salsa Cook's Note: Jugo Maggi seasoning is the Mexican version of regular Maggi seasoning, and can be found in the International aisle of your supermarket. It lends a deep umami flavor to the meat. If you cannot find either, you can combine equal parts soy sauce and Worcestershire sauce.

Title: Mediterranean Ground Turkey Burgers with Olive and Feta Topping
Ingredients: 1/3 cup crumbled feta, 1/3 cup minced green olives, 1/3 cup minced black olives, 1 lemon, juiced, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 pound ground turkey, 1/3 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1/3 cup chopped onion, 1 large egg, 1/2 cup crumbled feta, 1 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1/2 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika
Instructions: Mix together feta, green olives, black olives, and lemon juice in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Place in the refrigerator until ready to serve. Combine ground turkey, breadcrumbs, chopped onion, egg, feta, lemon zest, dill, oregano, garlic, and smoked paprika in a bowl. Shape mixture into four 1/4-pound patties. Preheat an outdoor grill to medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Cook the turkey burgers on the preheated grill until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 7 to 10 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Top each burger with olive and feta topping.

Title: Mediterranean Turkey Meatball Sheet Pan Dinner
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons minced fresh flat-leaf parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, or to taste, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2/3 cup plain breadcrumbs, 1/3 cup minced shallot, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1/2 lemon, zested, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound ground turkey, Olive oil nonstick cooking spray, 1/2 lemon, juiced, 1/2 red or yellow bell pepper, sliced, 1/2 green bell pepper, sliced, 1/2 small red onion, sliced, 1 zucchini, sliced, 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1/2 cup chopped tomatoes, 2 tablespoons sliced black or Kalamata olives
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with foil or parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine parsley, rosemary, oregano, dill, mint, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine. Set aside 2 tablespoons of herbs to use with vegetables later in the recipe. To the large bowl, add breadcrumbs, shallot, garlic, and lemon zest; stir to combine. Whisk beaten egg with 1 tablespoon olive oil, and stir into the breadcrumb mixture. Add ground turkey. Mix all ingredients well using your hands. If meatballs seem too wet, work in another tablespoon of bread crumbs. Form into 18 (1 1/4-inch) meatballs and place on the prepared pan. Spray meatballs with olive oil spray. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine lemon juice, reserved 2 tablespoons herb mixture, and remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, and toss with red pepper, green pepper, red onion, and zucchini slices. Remove meatballs from the oven; distribute vegetables around the meatballs on the pan. Return the pan to the oven; continue baking until vegetables are tender and meatballs are no longer pink in the center, about 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Sprinkle with crumbled feta cheese, chopped tomatoes, and olives. Serve warm.

Title: Turkey Sliders
Ingredients: 8 slider buns, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons dill pickle relish, drained, 8 dill pickle slices, 8 thin slices deli turkey, 8 thin slices Swiss cheese, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon everything bagel seasoning, or to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Using a serrated knife, slice slider buns in half horizontally, and set tops aside. In a small bowl, stir together mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, and pickle relish. Spread the dressing on the bottom halves of the buns, and place a pickle slice on top of each. Put a half slice of turkey on each, folding to fit. Top with Swiss cheese, again either folding or cutting to fit, and place remaining half turkey slices on top of the cheese. Place the tops of the buns on the sandwiches. Place sliders on the prepared baking sheet. Stir together melted butter and Worcestershire, brush slider buns with butter, and sprinkle with everything seasoning. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese begins to melt, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the foil, and bake until buns are golden, about 3 minutes. Cool for about 3 minutes, and serve warm.

Title: Simply Guacamole
Ingredients: 5  avocados - peeled, pitted, and mashed, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, ¾ cup minced green onion, ½ cup minced fresh cilantro, salt and pepper, to taste
Instructions: Stir together the avocado and lemon juice in a serving bowl; add the green onion and cilantro; mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately or store covered in refrigerator with avocado pits in the bowl to keep from browning.

Title: Guacamole
Ingredients: 3  avocados - peeled, pitted, and mashed, 1  lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon salt, 2  roma (plum) tomatoes, diced, ½ cup diced onion, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 pinch ground cayenne pepper (Optional)
Instructions: Mash avocados, lime juice, and salt together in a medium bowl; mix in tomatoes, onion, cilantro, and garlic. Stir in cayenne pepper. Serve immediately, or cover and refrigerate for 1 hour for improved flavor. Rita

Title: Easy Guacamole
Ingredients: 2  ripe avocados, peeled and pitted, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1  ripe tomato, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1  lime, juiced, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Mash avocado in a medium serving bowl. Stir in onion, tomato, and garlic. Season with lime juice, salt, and pepper. Cover and chill guacamole for 30 minutes to allow flavors to blend.

Title: Cajun Chicken and Sausage Gumbo
Ingredients: 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, 2 1/2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 cup vegetable oil, divided, 1 pound andouille sausage, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 large white onion, finely chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 pepper jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic. minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, or to taste, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, or 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 pound sliced okra, 4 cups cooked rice, or as needed, for serving, sliced green onions for serving
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place chicken in a baking dish and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning and garlic powder. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink at the center and juices run clear, 50 to 60 minutes. Allow to cool slightly and shred chicken into 1 to 2-inch pieces. Set aside. Meanwhile, add 2 teaspoons oil and sausage to a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until sausage is browned, about 5 minutes. Remove sausage using a slotted spoon to drain on paper towels; set aside. Reserve drippings in the pot. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add remaining oil to the pot and whisk in flour. Cook, stirring often, until roux is dark brown, about 1 hour. Add onion, peppers, celery, garlic, and salt to the roux. Increase heat to medium-high and cook, stirring constantly, until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in remaining Cajun seasoning, stock, bay leaves, black pepper, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, and thyme, and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Add reserved chicken and sausage, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for 20 minutes. Stir in okra and cook for 20 minutes. Serve with hot cooked rice and green onions.

Title: Green Lentil “Gumbo” Soup
Ingredients: 8 ounces andouille sausage, cut into 1/4-inch cubes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup diced onion, 1 cup diced green bell pepper, 2/3 cup diced celery, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 bay leaf, 6 cups no-salt or low-sodium chicken broth, 8 ounces chicken thighs, cut into small pieces, 4 ounces smoked ham, diced, 3/4 cup sliced fresh or frozen okra, 1 cup green lentils, rinsed, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 teaspoon Louisiana-style hot sauce, 1/4 cup chopped Italian parsley, 1/3 cup sliced green onions, 2 cups cooked white rice (optional), 1/3 cup sliced green onions, or as needed, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
Instructions: Add andouille to a dry soup pot and place over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until sausage begins to brown, a few minutes. Add all the olive oil, unless a lot of fat was rendered from the sausage, in which case adjust the amount of oil added. Add onion, green pepper, celery, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until onions turn translucent, about 5 minutes. Add paprika, cumin, black pepper, thyme, oregano, and bay leaf. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes more. Stir in broth, raise heat to high, and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to medium low and stir in chicken, ham, and sliced okra. Cook’s Note For nice tender lentils, do not use a salted broth, or add any additional salt. This can prevent the lentils from getting tender. Once lentils have softened up near the end of the cooking time, more salt can be added to taste. Cook for 10 minutes, then stir in lentils. Simmer soup, stirring occasionally, until lentils are tender, about 1 hour. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, parsley, and green onions, and cook for another few minutes. Season to taste with salt. Serve with rice, more green onions, and a shake of cayenne. Chef John

Title: Good New Orleans Creole Gumbo
Ingredients: 1 cup all-purpose flour, ¾ cup bacon drippings, 1 cup coarsely chopped celery, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound andouille sausage, sliced, 3 quarts water, 6 cubes beef bouillon, 1 tablespoon white sugar, salt to taste, 2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®), or to taste, ½ teaspoon Cajun seasoning blend (such as Tony Chachere's®), or to taste, 4  bay leaves, ½ teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 1 (14.5 ounce) can stewed tomatoes, 1 (6 ounce) can tomato sauce, 4 teaspoons file powder, divided, 2 tablespoons bacon drippings, 2 (10 ounce) packages frozen cut okra, thawed, 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 1 pound lump crabmeat, 3 pounds uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Make the roux: Whisk together flour and 3/4 cup bacon drippings in a large, heavy saucepan over medium-low heat until smooth. Cook roux, whisking constantly, until it turns a rich mahogany brown color. This can take 20 to 30 minutes; watch heat carefully and whisk constantly or roux will burn. Remove from heat; continue whisking until mixture stops cooking. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Make the gumbo: Place celery, onion, green bell pepper, and garlic into the work bowl of a food processor, and pulse until all vegetables are very finely chopped. Stir vegetables into the roux, and mix in sausage. Bring mixture to a simmer over medium-low heat, and cook until vegetables are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine water and beef bouillon cubes in a large Dutch oven or soup pot and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir until bouillon cubes dissolve, then whisk roux mixture into the boiling water. Reduce heat to a simmer and mix in sugar, salt, hot pepper sauce, Cajun seasoning, bay leaves, thyme, stewed tomatoes, and tomato sauce. Simmer soup over low heat for 1 hour; mix in 2 teaspoons of file gumbo powder at the 45-minute mark. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons bacon drippings in a skillet over medium heat. Add okra and vinegar and cook for 15 minutes; remove okra with a slotted spoon, and stir into the simmering gumbo. Mix in crabmeat, shrimp, and Worcestershire sauce, and simmer until flavors have blended, 45 more minutes. Stir in 2 more teaspoons of file gumbo powder just before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Traditional Gyro Meat
Ingredients: ½ medium onion, cut into chunks, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 pound 80/20 ground beef, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, 1 teaspoon ground dried rosemary, 1 teaspoon ground dried thyme, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1½ teaspoons fine sea salt, cooking spray
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pulse onion in a food processor until finely chopped, about 5 (1-second) pulses. Scoop onions onto the center of a towel, gather up the towel ends, and squeeze to remove liquid. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine onions, lamb, beef, garlic, oregano, cumin, marjoram, rosemary, thyme, pepper, and salt in a large bowl. Mix with your hands until well combined. Cover and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours to allow the flavors to blend. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Evenly coat a 9x5-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Working in 2 batches if necessary, place meat mixture into a food processor and pulse until finely chopped and the texture feels tacky, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer mixture into prepared loaf pan, and pack down to make sure there are no air pockets. Line a medium roasting pan with a damp kitchen towel. Place the loaf pan in the center of the towel-lined roasting pan, and transfer it into the preheated oven. Carefully pour boiling water into the roasting pan until it comes halfway up the sides of the loaf pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until gyro meat is no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour to 1 hour 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour off any accumulated fat, and allow to cool slightly before slicing thinly and serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor This recipe was tested in our test kitchen in November 2023 and updated to increase the cooking time and amount of salt based on user feedback. The original recipe used ¼ teaspoon of salt.

Title: Turkish Doner Kebab
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, ½ teaspoon onion powder, ½ teaspoon dried Italian herb seasoning, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 ¼ pounds ground lamb
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine flour, oregano, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, Italian seasoning, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Add ground lamb and knead until thoroughly mixed together, about 3 minutes. Shape seasoned lamb mixture and place into a loaf pan; set on top of a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven, turning halfway to ensure even browning, for about 1 hour and 20 minutes. Wrap loaf in aluminum foil and let rest for about 10 minutes. Slice as thinly as possible to make doner kebab pieces.

Title: Traditional Gyros
Ingredients: 1 small onion, cut into chunks, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 pound ground beef, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon sea salt, 12 tablespoons hummus, 12  pita bread rounds, 1 small head lettuce, shredded, 1 large tomato, sliced, 1 large red onion, sliced, 6 ounces crumbled feta cheese, 24 tablespoons tzatziki sauce
Instructions: Place onion in a food processor and finely chop. Transfer onion to a piece of cheesecloth and squeeze out the liquid. Place onion in a large bowl. Mix lamb, beef, garlic, oregano, cumin, marjoram, thyme, rosemary, black pepper, and salt with the onion using your hands until well mixed. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until flavors blend, about 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place meat mixture in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped and tacky, about 1 minute. Pack meat mixture into a 7x4-inch loaf pan, ensuring there are no air pockets. Place the loaf pan into a roasting pan and pour enough boiling water around the loaf pan to reach halfway up the sides for a water bath. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, 45 to 60 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Pour off any accumulated fat and cool slightly. Thinly slice the cooked gyro meat loaf. Spread 1 tablespoon hummus onto each pita bread. Then top each with some of the gyro meat slices, shredded lettuce, tomato slices, red onion slices, feta cheese crumbles, and 2 tablespoons tzatziki sauce to complete each sandwich.

Title: Pizza Skulls Are the Deliciously Spooky Snack You Need This Halloween
Ingredients: 1 (13.8-oz.) can refrigerated pizza crust dough (such as Pillsbury), 4 1/2 ounces low moisture part skim mozzarella, shredded (about 1 cup plus 2 Tbsp.), 3/4 cup pizza sauce, plus more for serving, 6 tablespoons mini pepperoni (from 1 [5-oz.] pkg.), 1 1/2 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated (about 6 Tbsp.), 1 1/2 teaspoons dried Italian seasoning
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat oven to 400℉. Working on a clean surface, roll out dough to a 15- x 10-inch rectangle. Cut dough into 6 (5- x 5-inch) squares. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Working with one piece of dough at a time, lay one square of dough in one cavity of a nonstick 6-cavity skull-shaped cakelet pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill the dough by layering 1 tablespoon mozzarella, 1 tablespoon pizza sauce, 1 tablespoon pepperoni, 1 tablespoon mozzarella, 1 tablespoon pizza sauce, 1 tablespoon mozzarella, 1 tablespoon parmesan, and 1/4 teaspoon Italian seasoning in the center of the dough square. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold sides of dough together and pinch tightly to seal, trimming and discarding any excess dough if necessary. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Repeat filling and sealing process with remaining dough squares and remaining cheese, pizza sauce, pepperoni, and Italian seasoning. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in preheated oven until baked through and lightly golden, 16 to 18 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Carefully remove baked skulls from pan and transfer to a serving plate. Let cool 5 minutes before serving with additional pizza sauce for dipping, if desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Halloween Mini Cheesecakes
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) package refrigerated ready-to-bake sugar cookies dough, such as Pillsbury™ Ready to Bake!™ Sugar Cookie Dough, 1 (24 ounce) container Philadelphia No Bake Cheesecake filling, softened, Halloween themed toppings (such as spooky eyes, candy pumpkins, candy corn), colorful icing, colorful sprinkles
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Line a cupcake pan with paper liners. Place one cookie dough piece in each cupcake liner. Bake in the preheated oven for 12 minutes. Remove to cool on a wire rack. Beat no bake cheesecake filling with a whisk or spoon until light and fluffy. With a disposable piping bag or spoon, pipe cheesecake on top of each cooled cookie up to the midpoint of cupcake liner. Gently flatten surface with a spoon, ensuring there are no air pockets. Refrigerate for 15 minutes to set. Place toppings or candy in a small bowl. Decorate with Halloween toppings, candy, icing, and sprinkles. Take out of cupcake liners and enjoy!

Title: Salted Pumpkin Caramels
Ingredients: 2/3 cup unsalted pumpkin seeds, 2/3 cup pumpkin puree, 1 1/4 cups heavy cream, 2 cups white sugar, 1/3 cup maple syrup, 1/4 cup light corn syrup, 1/4 cup water, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into slices, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves, 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 3/4 teaspoon white vinegar or lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon flaky sea salt, such as fleur de sel
Instructions: Toast pumpkin seeds in a dry pan over medium heat, tossing often, until they just start to turn a very light golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat; transfer to a bowl to cool. Cooled seeds should taste sweet and nutty; browning too much may make them taste burnt and bitter. Butter an 8x8-inch heatproof dish; line with parchment. After pressing the parchment into the dish, turn it over, so that parchment is buttered on both sides. Pour pumpkin seeds into prepared dish in an even layer. Whisk sugar, maple syrup, corn syrup, and water together in a heavy bottomed 3-quart or larger saucepan; set aside. Next, prepare everything you will need to finish the caramels, and set all ingredients within reach. Stir pumpkin purée and heavy cream together in a small saucepan; place over low heat. Place butter slices in a small dish; measure cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and salt into another small dish. Measure vinegar, and place all ingredients near the stove, so that you can give your full attention to the caramel. Now, place the saucepan with cream and pumpkin mixture over low heat on the back of the stove. Place saucepan with sugar mixture over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil, whisking occasionally, then turn heat down to medium. Cook, stirring occasionally, until mixture reaches 245 degrees F (118 degrees C). Slowly stream in the warm cream and pumpkin mixture, whisking constantly, being careful the mixture doesn’t bubble up over the sides of the pan. Continue cooking on medium heat, whisking occasionally, until the mixture returns to temperature, between 240 and 245 degrees F (115 to 118 degrees C). Turn off heat and stir in the butter, spices, salt, and vinegar until thoroughly combined. Transfer caramel very slowly into the baking dish, without disturbing the layer of pumpkin seeds. Cool 10 minutes. Sprinkle flaky sea salt crystals over the top, to taste. Cool to room temperature, wrap, and chill in the refrigerator until cold, about 30 minutes. This will make the cutting easier. Cut into 64 pieces with a long thin knife, cleaning the blade with a hot damp towel if it gets too sticky to make a clean cut. Chef John

Title: Sufganiyot
Ingredients: 4 cups self-rising flour, 2 (8 ounce) containers yogurt, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 2 tablespoons vanilla sugar, 1 pinch salt, 3 quarts vegetable oil for frying
Instructions: Combine flour, yogurt, eggs, sugar, vanilla sugar, and salt in a large bowl; mix well. Set the dough aside for 30 minutes. Form dough into 2-inch balls. Heat vegetable oil to 365 degrees F (190 degrees C) in a large pot or deep fryer over high heat. Deep-fry sufganiyot, in batches, in hot oil until golden brown, about 3 minutes, turning them halfway through. Use a slotted spoon to transfer donuts to a paper towel-lined plate; repeat with remaining dough. Editor's Note We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Air Fryer Potato-Apple Latkes
Ingredients: 2 cups packaged shredded potatoes, 1/2 cup peeled and shredded Granny Smith apple, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon flour, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
Instructions: Stir together potatoes, apple, egg yolk, flour, pepper, and salt in a large bowl. Lightly coat air fryer basket with cooking spray. Drop 4 (1/4-cup) scoops potato mixture into basket. Press gently with a spatula to flatten; lightly coat tops with cooking spray. Set the air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cook latkes, turning halfway through, until browned on both sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Repeat with remaining potato mixture. Garnish with sliced green onion and serve with sour cream or crème fraîche.

Title: The Best Rolled Sugar Cookies
Ingredients: 2 cups white sugar, 1 ½ cups butter, softened, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat sugar and softened butter together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat in eggs and vanilla. Stir in flour, baking powder, and salt. Cover, and chill dough for at least 1 hour (or overnight). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly dust a work surface with flour. Roll out dough to 1/4 to 1/2 inch thickness. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut into shapes with any cookie cutter. Place cookies 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Carefully transfer cookies to a wire rack and cool completely before decorating. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Hawaiian-Style Kalua Pork
Ingredients: 1 (4 1/2 pound) bone in pork shoulder roast, 4 teaspoons liquid hickory smoke, 3 tablespoons sea salt, 1 (!4 ounce) package frozen banana leaves, thawed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place pork in a large bowl and rub all over with liquid smoke. Sprinkle salt over meat, and rub in until evenly coated. Set aside. Place banana leaves on the counter, arranging them in a spiral, overlapping pattern, so once pork is placed on the leaves, they can be folded up and over to fully encase the meat. Place pork on the center of leaves, fat side down, and wrap the meat with the seams coming together at the top. Once wrapped, pick up and invert the entire package, seam side down, into a Dutch oven. Any extra banana leaves can be tucked in around the sides. Bake, covered, in the preheated oven for about 4 hours, or an instant-read thermometer inserted near the center reads 195 to 200 degrees F (91 to 93 degrees C). Let pork rest in the Dutch oven for 30 to 60 minutes, then remove the meat to a bowl. Pull meat off the bone, and set bone aside. Add any and all cooking liquids and rendered fat into the bowl of pork. Use two forks to shred meat as finely as you like. Taste for seasoning; adjust with more salt or liquid smoke to taste. Arrange banana leaves in the pot to make a nest for the meat. Transfer shredded pork in and serve immediately. John Mitzewich Chef's Notes: The amount of salt needed will depend on the size of pork shoulder, but a good estimate is 2 teaspoons coarse salt per 1 pound meat. Roasting time will also will depend on size of pork shoulder, so check for doneness with a probe thermometer.

Title: Blue Hawaiian Cocktail
Ingredients: 1 cup crushed ice, 2 fluid ounces pineapple juice, 1 fluid ounce light rum, 1 fluid ounce blue Curacao liqueur, 1 fluid ounce cream of coconut, 1  pineapple slice, 1  maraschino cherry
Instructions: Combine crushed ice, pineapple juice, rum, blue Curacao, and cream of coconut in a blender. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Blend on high speed until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour into a chilled highball glass. Garnish with a slice of pineapple and a maraschino cherry. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Sheet Pan Black Pepper Tofu and Broccoli
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) package extra-firm tofu, 1 head broccoli, separated into florets, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 1/2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 1/2 tablespoons freshly groud black pepper
Instructions: Slice tofu into thirds lengthwise so you have 3 even slabs. Stack the slabs on top of each other and slice through them lengthwise to make 3 even columns, then slice across to make 5 even rows. Lay tofu evenly on a plate lined with a couple layers of paper towels. Layer more paper towels on top of the tofu and place another plate on top of the stack. Press out as much water as possible and let sit for at least 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Transfer pressed tofu and broccoli into a mixing bowl. Drizzle with sesame oil and soy sauce; toss lightly to combine. Mix cornstarch, garlic powder, ground ginger, and black pepper together in a small bowl; sprinkle over tofu and broccoli. Toss until evenly coated, and arrange in one layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Flip and continue baking until crispy, about 10 minutes more. Serve warm.

Title: The Best Grilled Chicken Breasts
Ingredients: 6 (6 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 1/4 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 1/2 teaspoons onion powder, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, oil or cooking spray, 2 teaspoons kosher salt
Instructions: Trim any excess fat from chicken. Place a piece of plastic or parchment on top of each chicken breast on a solid, level surface, and pound the thick end of chicken to flatten to an even thickness. Place chicken in a large resealable plastic bag. Add olive oil, Dijon, honey, soy sauce, lemon juice, garlic, onion powder, and ginger to the bag. Press any excess air out of the bag and seal the bag tightly. Massage chicken around in the bag until marinade is fully incorporated and chicken is well coated. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight, turning the bag occasionally. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, about 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Brush the grill grates with oil or coat with cooking spray. Place chicken, top side down, on the grill. Sprinkle evenly with salt. Cook, undisturbed, until chicken easily releases from the grill and has dark brown grill marks, about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) or medium heat, then flip and cook an additional 5 to 7 minutes or until chicken has reached an internal temperature of 165 degrees F (73 degrees C). Remove from heat and let stand 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Mediterranean Pearl Couscous
Ingredients: 2/3 cup Israeli couscous, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 1/2 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium zucchini, quartered and cut into chunks, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped capers, 1 (15 ounce) can diced tomatoes
Instructions: Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil, add couscous, and cook until tender, about 14 minutes. Remove from heat. Reserve 1/4 cup cooking water, drain couscous thoroughly, and return to the pot. Meanwhile, heat a nonstick pan over medium-high heat until hot. Add pine nuts and toast, stirring frequently, until golden brown and fragrant, 1 to 3 minutes. Remove pine nuts from skillet and set aside. Melt butter in the same skillet. Add zucchini; sauté for 3 to 4 minutes. Add garlic and capers. Cook on medium-high, stirring constantly, until fragrant, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Stir in diced tomatoes; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly reduced in volume, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in couscous and toasted pine nuts. If the sauce seems dry, gradually add reserved cooking water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until sauce is desired consistency. Serve immediately.

Title: Instant Pot Wheat Berries
Ingredients: 6 cups water, 2 cups wheat berries, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, or to taste
Instructions: Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Add water and wheat berries; stir once. Close and lock the lid. Select Manual pressure according to the manufacturer's instructions and set the timer for 27 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to the manufacturer's instructions, about 10 minutes, then switch to the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Drain wheat berries and mix in salt. Tips Place a thin hand towel over the Instant Pot vent before flicking it open. I like to set my Instant Pot on a cool stove with the overhead vent on to pull the steam out of the house.

Title: Quick Whole Wheat Chapati
Ingredients: 2 ½ cups whole wheat flour, ¾ teaspoon salt, 1 cup water
Instructions: Mix flour and salt together in a bowl. Stir in water to form a soft dough. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead several times. Divide into 8 pieces and roll each into a ball. Roll each ball into a very thin round using a rolling pin. Heat a griddle over medium-high heat. Cook each dough round on griddle until dough bubbles and blisters appear, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until lightly browned on the other side.

Title: Jamie's Sweet and Easy Corn on the Cob
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 ears corn on the cob, husks and silk removed
Instructions: Fill a large pot about 3/4 full of water and bring to a boil. Stir in sugar and lemon juice until sugar is dissolved. Gently place ears of corn into boiling water, cover the pot, turn off the heat, and let corn cook in the hot water until tender, about 10 minutes. Rae From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of sugar. The actual amount of sugar consumed will vary.

Title: Easy Homemade Pasta
Ingredients: 2 cups flour, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons water, or as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix flour, eggs, olive oil, and salt in a bowl until combined. Add water, 1 teaspoon at a time, to flour mixture until a smooth, thick dough forms. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead for 10 minutes. Let dough rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide dough into 8 balls; use a pasta machine to roll and cut dough into desired pasta shape. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note This dough makes really great homemade linguine or ravioli using a manual pasta machine. If the dough is too sticky, roll it in a bit of flour. This recipe makes enough pasta for 24 small raviolis or 4 servings of linguine. Whatever pasta you make, it should take no more than 4 to 6 minutes to boil.

Title: Fresh Semolina and Egg Pasta
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 cups semolina flour, 1 pinch salt, 6 large eggs, 2 tablespoons olive oil
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sift all-purpose flour, semolina flour, and a pinch of salt together in a large bowl. Make a mountain out of flour mixture on a clean surface; create a deep well in the center. Break eggs into the well and add olive oil. Whisk eggs very gently with a fork, gradually incorporating flour from the sides of the well. When mixture becomes too thick to mix with a fork, begin kneading with your hands. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Knead dough until it is smooth and supple, 8 to 12 minutes, Dust dough and work surface with semolina as needed to keep dough from becoming sticky. Wrap dough tightly in plastic wrap; allow it to rest at room temperature for 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll out dough with a pasta machine or a rolling pin to desired thickness. Cut into your favorite style of noodle or stuff with your favorite filling to make ravioli. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta in the boiling water until tender yet firm to the bite, 1 to 3 minutes (or longer depending on thickness). Drain immediately and toss with your favorite sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip Semolina is a special variety of wheat flour available at health food stores and gourmet grocery stores.

Title: Homemade Pappardelle
Ingredients: 3/4 cup 00 flour, plus more for dusting, 1/4 cup semolina flour, 2 large eggs
Instructions: Combine 00 flour, semolina flour, and eggs in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until dough comes together. On a lightly floured cutting board, knead dough about 10 times with the palm of your hand. Cover dough with a damp towel, and rest for about 10 minutes. Shape dough into a disc. Wrap dough and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Place dough on a lightly floured surface and dust with flour. Using a rolling pin, and starting in the middle of the dough, push away from you. Roll dough into a sheet, then tri-fold it like a letter: pick up one end of dough, fold it over 1/3 of the way, then bring the opposite end over 1/3 of the way. Continue rolling out dough until it is thin. Let rest 5 minutes. Loosely roll dough like a cinnamon roll. Using a sharp knife, cut into 3/4-inch-wide slices. Unwrap noodles; dust with semolina, and gently toss to separate. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, and cook noodles, until tender with a bite, 1 to 3 minutes. Cook’s Note If you have the KitchenAid pasta roller attachment, you’ll want to finish on the 5 setting.

Title: Garlic Parmesan Hummus
Ingredients: 1 head garlic, top third sliced off and discarded, 1 teaspoon olive oil, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 (15 ounce) can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, ¼ cup tahini, ¼ cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, ½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon  cumin, ¼ teaspoon salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place garlic head on a piece of aluminum foil. Drizzle olive oil over garlic and season with salt and pepper. Wrap foil around garlic to fully enclose and place on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until roasted and tender, about 40 minutes. Remove garlic from aluminum foil; set aside until cool enough to handle, about 10 to 20 minutes. Remove garlic cloves from the peels. Combine roasted garlic, chickpeas, tahini, Parmesan cheese, olive oil, lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, cumin, and salt in a food processor or blender until smooth. Cook’s Note I like to drizzle a little extra olive oil, some grated Parmesan, and freshly ground black pepper on top of the hummus before enjoying!

Title: Green No-Bean Hummus
Ingredients: 2 ½ pounds zucchini, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more to taste, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 cloves crushed garlic, 3 tablespoons tahini, ½ lemon, juiced, plus more to taste, 6 leaf basil leaves, sliced, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon cumin, 1 pinch cayenne
Instructions: Trim ends from zucchini and cut into quarters. Trim out seeds if zucchini are really big. Cut into 1 ½-inch pieces and add to a bowl. Toss thoroughly with 2 tablespoons kosher salt and let sit for 15 to 20 minutes, tossing halfway through. Transfer zucchini to a strainer and rinse off salt very thoroughly. Let drain well before transferring to a bowl. Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil. Toss zucchini with 2 tablespoons olive oil, toss, and spread out in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet, making sure zucchini pieces touch each other. Broil on high heat until zucchini start to brown and are lightly charred, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove pan and turn zucchini pieces over. Return and broil until zucchini are tender but not mushy, and nicely browned, 5 to 6 minutes longer. Transfer zucchini to a strainer and let drain until cooled to room temperature, about 45 minutes. Combine drained zucchini, remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, tahini, garlic, lemon juice, basil, ½ teaspoon salt, cumin, black pepper, and cayenne in a blender. Blend until smooth, and taste for seasoning. You can also use an immersion blender. For best flavor, cover and chill the hummus before serving. Chef John

Title: Pumpkin Hummus
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for garnish, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 (15-oz can) chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 3/4 cup canned pumpkin, 1/4 cup water, 1/4 cup lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 green onions, sliced for garnish
Instructions: Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cumin; cook and stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Transfer garlic mixture to a food processor or blender. Add chickpeas, pumpkin, water, lemon juice, salt, cayenne, cinnamon, and black pepper. Blend until smooth. Transfer into a serving bowl. Garnish with additional olive oil and sprinkle with green onions. Serve with pita bread and cut-up veggies.

Title: Vicki's Hush Puppies
Ingredients: 1 quart oil for frying, or as needed, 1 large onion, diced, ½ cup white sugar, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup self-rising flour, 1 cup self-rising cornmeal
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat 2 inches oil in a deep saucepan over medium heat to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C). While oil is heating, mix together onion, sugar, and eggs in a medium bowl. Blend in flour and cornmeal to make a batter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drop batter by rounded teaspoonfuls, 4 at a time, into hot oil and fry until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Air Fryer Hush Puppies
Ingredients: nonfat cooking spray, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, ¾ cup all-purpose flour, 1 ½ teaspoons baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, or more to taste, ¼ teaspoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 2 tablespoons minced bell pepper, ¾ cup low-fat buttermilk, 1 large egg
Instructions: Preheat an air fryer to 390 degrees F (198 degrees C) according to the manufacturer's instructions. Line the bottom of the air fryer basket with foil and spray the foil with cooking spray. Stir cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt, cayenne, and garlic powder together in a large bowl. Mix in onion and bell pepper. Whisk buttermilk and egg together in a separate bowl; pour into dry ingredients and stir to combine. Let mixture rest for 5 minutes. Use a 2-tablespoon scoop to drop portions of batter into the prepared basket; leave space between each scoop. Spray with cooking spray. Cook in the preheated air fryer until golden brown, crispy, and cooked through, 9 to 10 minutes. Serve hot. Cook’s Note Air fryers heat differently, so check occasionally for doneness. If you need to cook in batches, put all hush puppies back into the fryer at the end and reheat for 1 to 2 minutes. I ended up with 12 good-sized hush puppies using a 2-tablespoon scoop. If you make yours smaller, be sure to adjust the cooking time.

Title: Simple Hush Puppies
Ingredients: 1 quart vegetable oil for frying, or as needed, ¾ cup milk, 1  egg, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 1 cup baking mix, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt
Instructions: Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Whisk milk, egg, and onion together in a bowl. Stir pancake mix, cornmeal, and salt into milk mixture to form a smooth batter. Scoop ping pong ball-sized balls of batter using a small ice cream scoop; drop about 5 scoops per batch into the hot oil. Fry until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove hush puppies with a slotted spoon and drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Repeat with remaining batter. Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Easy Strawberry Ice Cream
Ingredients: 2 cups mashed fresh strawberries, 2 cups whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, ¼ teaspoon salt, 2 drops red food coloring (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine strawberries, milk, cream, sugar, vanilla, salt, and food coloring in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour strawberry mixture into the freezer bowl of an ice cream maker; freeze according to the manufacturer's directions. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Strawberry Ice Cream
Ingredients: 1 quart fresh strawberries, hulled, 1 ½ cups heavy cream, divided, ¾ cup white sugar, 3  egg yolks, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup
Instructions: Place strawberries into the container of a blender or food processor; puree until smooth. Pour into a large bowl; set aside. Heat 1 1/4 cups of cream in a saucepan over medium heat until it begins to bubble at the edge of the pan. Whisk sugar, egg yolks, remaining 1/4 cup cream, and corn syrup together in a large bowl. Gradually pour the hot cream into egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Return mixture to the saucepan and heat until thick enough to coat the back of a metal spoon, about 5 minutes. Do not allow the mixture to boil. Strain custard into berry puree through a sieve; mix well and refrigerate until chilled. Fill an ice cream maker with the mixture, and freeze according to the manufacturer's instructions.

Title: Golden Butter Rice
Ingredients: 1/2 cup unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 1 1/4 teaspoons ground turmeric, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups basmati rice or other long grain white rice, 3 cups water, 1/3 cup chopped walnuts (optional), 1/3 cup sliced green onions (optional)
Instructions: Melt butter in a pan or pot with a tight-fitting lid over medium heat. As soon as butter starts to bubble, add in ginger, turmeric, cayenne, brown sugar, and salt. Cook, whisking, for 1 minute. Add rice, and stir until every grain is coated with butter. Stir in water, and bring to a boil over high heat. As soon as it begins to boil, gently shake and swirl the pan to settle rice into an even layer, then reduce heat to medium-low. Cover tightly and simmer for 15 minutes. Turn off heat, and let rest, covered, for 10 minutes. DO NOT lift the lid or try to stir yet. Now, remove the lid and use a fork to fluff and separate rice grains. Season to taste, and serve immediately, garnished with walnuts and green onions. Chef's Note: The times given are for basmati rice. If using another long grain white rice, adjust times according to package directions. John Mitzewich

Title: Paneer
Ingredients: 1 gallon milk, 1 quart buttermilk, 1 cup canola oil for frying
Instructions: Pour milk into a large pot and bring to a boil over medium heat; watch carefully to prevent milk from boiling over. When milk begins to boil, pour buttermilk into the pot in a steady stream, stirring constantly. The milk will separate into curds and water. Line a colander with cheesecloth. Pour milk mixture through the cheesecloth, reserving some of the strained liquid. Let milk mixture sit in the colander until curds are settled and dripping stops, about 2 hours. Transfer strained curds to a food processor. Process until smooth and mixture can be formed into a ball. Add some of the reserved liquid and process again if mixture is too dry. The consistency should resemble firm ricotta cheese. Turn cheese out onto a clean surface and knead until smooth. Form into a ball and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate until needed. To cook paneer, heat oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Cut paneer into bite-sized pieces. Fry in hot oil until very pale golden brown, about 1 minute. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate.

Title: My Mango Lassi
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups mangos - peeled, seeded, chopped, and chilled, 1 ½ cups plain yogurt, ½ cup cold milk, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, ½ teaspoon ground cardamom
Instructions: Combine mangos, yogurt, milk, cream, confectioners' sugar, and cardamom in a blender; blend until smooth and frothy. Pour into glasses and serve immediately.

Title: Instant Pot Black-Eyed Peas
Ingredients: 1 pound bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound dry black-eyed peas, 1 cup water, 5 cups chicken broth, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano, 1/4 teaspoon dried dill, 1/2 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, or to taste
Instructions: Rinse black-eyed peas and set them aside. Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®) and select Saute function. Add bacon; cook and stir until bacon is evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in minced garlic; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add rinsed black-eyed peas, water, and chicken broth to the pot; stir to combine. Select Cancel. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer’s instructions; set timer for 30 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer’s instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Remove the lid, and add garlic powder, oregano, dill and black pepper. Fluff the mixture and serve.

Title: Instant Pot Baked Potatoes
Ingredients: 1 cup water, 4 large baking potatoes
Instructions: Pour water into the bottom of a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®). Place a trivet on top. Rinse potatoes and pierce each with a fork several times. Place potatoes on the trivet. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer’s instructions; set timer for 20 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer’s instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.

Title: Instant Pot Steel Cut Oats
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 cups steel cut oats, 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 6 cups water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Set a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®) to the sauté function and press start. Heat olive oil in the cooker for 1 minute. Add oats, and cook and stir until toasted, about 3 minutes. Add nutmeg and cinnamon, stir well, then stir in water and vanilla extract. Turn off the sauté function. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer’s instructions; set timer for 15 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer’s instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid, then stir the oatmeal vigorously, making sure to incorporate the oats at the bottom of the pot where they will be thicker. Scoop out about 1/2 cup of oatmeal and enjoy!

Title: Feta and Sardine Flatbread
Ingredients: 1 (12 inch) prepared pizza crust, 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon Greek seasoning, such as Cavender's® All-Purpose Greek Seasoning, 1/4 red onion, sliced into petals, 12 pitted Kalamata olives, halved, 1 (4.375 ounce) tin sardines packed in olive oil, 1/2 cup Mediterranean herb crumbled feta cheese, 1 tomato Roma tomato, seeded and chopped, 1 small lemon, sliced, 1/4 cup packed baby spinach leaves
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place pizza crust on a round pizza pan. Whisk olive oil and Greek seasoning together in a small bowl. Brush mixture over the entire pizza crust, including the edges. Divide onion, olives, and sardines over pizza crust. Sprinkle on feta, then scatter on chopped tomatoes. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove pizza from the oven; add lemon slices and spinach leaves. Cut into slices and serve immediately.

Title: Irish Soda Bread Scones
Ingredients: 1 ¾ cups all-purpose flour, 1 cup quick-cooking rolled oats, 2 teaspoons baking powder, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, ½ teaspoon baking soda, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, divided, ½ cup cold unsalted butter, cut into ½-inch pieces, ½ cup raisins or dried currants, ½ teaspoon grated orange zest, ¾ cup plus 3 tablespoons cold whole buttermilk, divided
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together flour, oats, baking powder, salt, baking soda, and 1/4 cup sugar in a large bowl until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut butter into flour mixture with your fingers or a pastry cutter until dough resembles coarse meal. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add raisins, orange zest, and 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon buttermilk; stir until just combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface; pat dough into a 7-inch circle, about 3/4-inch thick. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using a floured bench scraper or knife, cut dough circle into 8 wedges; place wedges on the prepared baking sheet, spacing about 1 inch apart. Alternatively, scoop 8 (1/3-cup) mounds of dough onto a parchment-lined baking sheet, about 2 inches apart. Brush each scone evenly with remaining 2 tablespoons buttermilk, and sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon sugar. Place baking sheet in freezer, and freeze until chilled, about 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Bake scones in the preheated oven until bottoms and tops are golden, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, and let cool completely on the baking sheet, about 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature with butter and jam, if desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Irish Brown Soda Bread
Ingredients: 4 cups whole wheat flour, 1 cup bread flour, ⅓ cup rolled oats, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 ½ cups buttermilk
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Lightly grease two baking sheets. Mix whole wheat flour, bread flour, rolled oats, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl. Gently mix in buttermilk until a soft dough is formed; knead very lightly. Divide dough into 4 pieces; form into rounded flat loaves. Mark each loaf with an "X" and place on the prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and the loaves sound hollow when tapped on the bottom, about 30 to 45 minutes.

Title: Tuscan Butter Shrimp
Ingredients: 1 pound peeled, deveined large raw shrimp, patted dry, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 2 tablespoons oil from jar of oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, divided, 1 1/2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 1/2 cup thinly sliced shallot, 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1/2 cup drained and finely chopped sun-dried tomatoes in oil, 1 cup packed fresh baby spinach, 1/2 cup  loosely packed fresh basil leaves, sliced, plus more for garnish, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Toss shrimp with salt and pepper in a large bowl until well combined. Heat a large high-sided skillet over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon sun-dried tomato oil; heat until shimmering, about 2 minutes. Add shrimp in an even layer, and cook until opaque and pink, 3 to 4 minutes, flipping shrimp halfway through cooking time. Transfer shrimp to a large plate. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter with remaining 1 tablespoon sun-dried tomato oil in the same skillet; stir in cherry tomatoes, shallot, garlic, and sun-dried tomatoes. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes are soft and shallot is translucent, about 4 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir spinach, basil, wine, lemon zest, and crushed red pepper into mixture in skillet; cook over medium, scraping up any browned bits from bottom of skillet, until wine mixture is reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Stir in heavy cream. Reduce heat to low, and add Parmesan cheese; cook, stirring constantly, until mixture is slightly thickened and simmering, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in lemon juice; add cooked shrimp along with any juices from plate. Garnish with additional basil and Parmesan cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Italian Macerated Strawberries
Ingredients: ¼ cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pints fresh strawberries, hulled and quartered, 1 (1 ounce) square unsweetened chocolate, grated, or to taste
Instructions: Combine vinegar, sugar, and black pepper together in a bowl. Stir in strawberries to coat; marinate in the refrigerator until chilled, about 10 minutes. Garnish with grated chocolate before serving.

Title: Italian Salsa Verde
Ingredients: 1 cup fresh parsley, 1 cup basil, 1/4 cup capers, 1 large lemon, 2 cloves  garlic, 1/2 cup olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon chili flakes, 1/4 teaspoon salt
Instructions: Combine parsley, basil, capers, lemon juice, garlic, olive oil, and chili flakes in the bowl of a food processor; pulse a few times. Pour olive oil in slowly, while pulsing a few more times until uniform consistency but not a puree. Mix in salt. Can be stored for up to 2 weeks in the refrigerator.

Title: Jalapeño Popper Pigs in a Blanket
Ingredients: 8 jalapeño peppers, cut in half lengthwise, seeds and membranes removed, 4 ounces softened cream cheese, 1 1/4 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 16 cocktail wieners, such as Hillshire Farms Lil Smokies®, 2 (8 ounce) packages crescent roll dough (8 count each)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Rinse jalapeños to remove any remaining seeds and pat dry. Stir cream cheese and Cheddar cheese together in a bowl until well combined. Divide cheese mixture among jalapeño halves and top each with a sausage. Separate crescent dough into 16 triangles. Roll each filled pepper in crescent dough and place on the prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 13 to 15 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Stuffed Jalapeno Firecrackers
Ingredients: 12  jalapeno peppers, halved lengthwise, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, Cajun seasoning, or to taste, 12 slices jalapeno bacon, cut in half, toothpicks
Instructions: Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source. Fill the jalapeno peppers with cream cheese. Sprinkle the Cajun seasoning on top, then wrap each stuffed jalapeno with a slice of bacon. Secure with a toothpick. Arrange the wrapped jalapeno peppers in a single layer, face down on a broiler rack. Broil in the preheated oven until the bacon becomes crisp, 8 to 15 minutes on each side.

Title: Texas Twinkies
Ingredients: 12 medium jalapeño peppers, 12 tablespoons cream cheese, softened, 1 ½ pounds cooked chopped brisket, 12 slices thick-cut bacon, kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste, ½ (12 ounce) bottle BBQ sauce
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Slice jalapeños in the shape of a "T." Cut a straight vertical line from top to bottom with a crosscut directly under the stem, making sure to cut only halfway through the jalapeños. Use a spoon to remove and discard all seeds and membranes. Place jalapeños on a baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Transfer jalapeños to a bowl of ice water for a few minutes to extract the rest of the seeds' oil. Blot dry with a paper towel. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread 1 tablespoon cream cheese inside each jalapeño. Place about 2 ounces brisket inside each, then wrap with a slice of bacon. Place poppers on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush the tops with BBQ sauce. Return to the oven and bake 5 more minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Best Jambalaya
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons peanut oil, divided, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 10 ounces andouille sausage, sliced into rounds, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1 inch pieces, 1  onion, diced, 1 small green bell pepper, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 (16 ounce) can crushed Italian tomatoes, ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon file powder, 1 ¼ cups uncooked white rice, 2 ½ cups chicken broth
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat 1 tablespoon of peanut oil in a large heavy Dutch oven over medium heat. Season the sausage and chicken pieces with Cajun seasoning. Sauté sausage until browned. Remove with slotted spoon, and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add 1 tablespoon peanut oil, and sauté chicken pieces until lightly browned on all sides. Remove with a slotted spoon, and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios In the same pot, saute onion, bell pepper, celery, and garlic until tender. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in crushed tomatoes, and season with red pepper, black pepper, salt, hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and filé powder. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in chicken and sausage. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in the rice and chicken broth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Pamdix

Title: Chef John's Sausage & Shrimp Jambalaya
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons butter, 8 ounces andouille sausage, cut into 1/4-inch slices, 2 tablespoons ground paprika, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, ½ teaspoon cayenne pepper, ½ cup diced tomatoes, 2 stalks celery, sliced 1/4 inch thick, 1 large green bell pepper, diced, 4  green onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1  bay leaf, 1 cup uncooked brown rice, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place butter and sausage in a large stockpot over medium heat; cook and stir until sausage begins to brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in paprika, cumin, and cayenne; cook for 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir tomatoes, celery, green pepper, green onions, salt, and bay leaf into the sausage mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add brown rice and stir to combine. Stir in chicken stock, bring it to a simmer, then turn heat to low. Cover and cook until rice is just tender, about 45 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in shrimp, replace lid and cook until shrimp are cooked through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip The cooking time given is for short-grain brown rice. Other types of rice may cook faster or slower.

Title: Colleen's Slow Cooker Jambalaya
Ingredients: 1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes with juice, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into 1 inch cubes, 1 pound andouille sausage, sliced, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, chopped, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup chicken broth, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons dried parsley, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, ½ teaspoon dried thyme, 1 pound frozen cooked shrimp without tails
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix tomatoes with juice, chicken, sausage, onion, green bell pepper, celery, and broth in a slow cooker. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Season with oregano, parsley, Cajun seasoning, cayenne pepper, and thyme. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover and cook on Low for 7 to 8 hours, or on High for 3 to 4 hours. Stir in shrimp during the last 30 minutes of cook time. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve over rice. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Easy Onion Jam
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed, 2  onions, coarsely chopped, 1 cup water, ¼ cup balsamic vinegar, ¼ cup brown sugar
Instructions: Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Saute onion in hot oil until soft and caramelized, 10 to 12 minutes. Add water, balsamic vinegar, and brown sugar; stir until sugar is dissolved and mixture is simmering. Reduce heat to low and cook until mixture thickens and reaches desired consistency, about 30 minutes.

Title: Orange Marmalade
Ingredients: 5 small navel oranges (about 2 1/4 lb. total), washed and scrubbed, 1 medium (5 oz.) lemon, washed and scrubbed, 6 cups water, 3 ½ cups granulated sugar
Instructions: Slice off and discard tops and bottoms from oranges and lemon. Peel off and discard skin and pith of 3 of the oranges. Quarter all oranges and lemon lengthwise, then thinly slice into 1/8-inch slices, discarding seeds while slicing. Place all citrus slices in a large bowl and cover with water. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour orange and lemon slices along with water into a large stainless steel saucepan or Dutch oven. Bring to a boil over high heat. Once boiling, reduce heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until orange rinds have softened and can be cut with a spoon with slight resistance, about 45 minutes, skimming any foam that rises to top during process. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Inspect 4 (1/2-pint) canning jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until orange marmalade is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water. Place a small plate in the freezer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add sugar to orange mixture and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid has slightly reduced, bubbles are slightly larger in center, and a thermometer reads 220 degrees F (104 degrees C) about 40 to 45 minutes. Mixture will stay between 212 degrees F (100 degrees C) and 216 degrees F (102 degrees C) for the majority of this time and will rise to 220 degrees F (104 degrees C) when enough liquid has evaporated. To test if marmalade consistency is correct, remove plate from freezer and spoon a small amount of marmalade onto plate. Return plate to freezer for 1 minute. Remove plate from freezer; pull a finger through marmalade and across plate. It should leave a clean trail. If marmalade is runny and does not leave a clean trail, return mixture in pot to a boil over medium-high, and return plate to freezer. Boil marmalade, stirring often, for 3 minutes. Remove from heat, and retest thickness using plate again; repeat if necessary until it reaches desired thickness. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Carefully pour marmalade evenly into the prepared canning jars. Let cool to room temperature, uncovered, about 3 hours. Seal jars. Chill until marmalade sets, at least 2 hours. Store in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook's Notes: If you are planning on storing the marmalade for a long time, you need to properly can it. Using tongs, lower empty jars (without lids and bands) into simmering water. Lay jars on their sides in pot so that they fill with water. Using jar lifter, turn jars right side up. Return to a gentle boil over high, reducing heat if needed to maintain a gentle boil, and boil for 10 minutes. Using a jar lifter, remove jars from pot, letting water drain back into pot. Place jars on a clean kitchen towel. Remove pot from heat; cover to keep water hot for final step of canning. Arrange jar bands and lids in a large, deep skillet. Add enough water to cover by 1/2 inch. Bring water to a simmer over medium-high. Remove from heat. (Overheating will weaken rubber and the lids' ability to seal properly.) Spoon hot marmalade into hot, sterilized jars, using a canning funnel to keep jar rims clean and leaving 1/4-inch headspace. Wearing gloves, wipe jar rims with a damp paper towel. Using a magnetic lid lifter, lift lids out of hot water, and place on jars. Screw on jar bands until finger-tight. (Do not overtighten as the air in the jars needs to escape. If jar bands are too tight, the seal will fail or jars will crack.) Using jar lifter, lower jars into hot water in pot, making sure they're standing upright on canning rack and not touching one another or sides of the pot. Make sure jars are covered by 1 to 2 inches of water (add hot water if needed). Bring to a vigorous boil over high. Cover and boil 10 minutes. Remove from heat, and let stand 10 minutes. Using a jar lifter, remove jars from pot, and place on a clean kitchen towel 1 inch apart. Let cool to room temperature, about 3 hours. As jars come to room temperature, lids should curve inward as a sign of a safely preserved jar. Wipe jars clean, and label with name and date. If any jars fail to seal properly, store in refrigerator up to 2 weeks. Sealed jars may be stored in a cool, dark place for up to 1 year.

Title: Strawberry Pretzel Salad
Ingredients: 2 cups crushed pretzels, ¾ cup butter, melted, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1 cup white sugar, 1 (8 ounce) container frozen whipped topping, thawed, 2 (3 ounce) packages strawberry flavored Jell-O, 2 cups boiling water, 2 (10 ounce) packages frozen strawberries
Instructions: Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir crushed pretzels, melted butter, and 3 tablespoons sugar together until well-combined; mix well and press mixture into the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until set, about 8 to 10 minutes; set aside to cool. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place cream cheese and 1 cup sugar in a large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until smooth; fold in whipped topping. Spread mixture onto cooled crust. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Stir in still-frozen strawberries and allow to set briefly. Pour and spread over cream cheese layer; refrigerate until set, at least 2 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Orange Gelatin Salad
Ingredients: 1 (11 ounce) can mandarin oranges, drained, 1 (8 ounce) can crushed pineapple, drained, 1 (6 ounce) package orange flavored Jell-O® mix, 16 ounces cottage cheese, 8 ounces frozen whipped topping, thawed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine oranges, pineapple, and gelatin mix in a mixing bowl. Mix well and chill for 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add cottage cheese to the fruit mixture; stir to combine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently fold in whipped topping; chill and serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Cranberry Salad
Ingredients: 2 cups cranberries, 1 large orange, cut into small pieces, 1 cup white sugar, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup finely chopped walnuts, 1 cup crushed pineapple, drained, 1 (3 ounce) package cranberry (or raspberry) flavored Jell-O mix, 2 cups hot water
Instructions: Place cranberries, orange (including rind), and sugar in a food processor. Process together until the cranberries and orange are roughly ground and well combined with sugar. Transfer to a bowl. Stir in celery, walnuts, and pineapple until thoroughly mixed. Place gelatin in a bowl and pour hot water over top (don't let stand). Whisk together to dissolve. Pour gelatin over the cranberry mixture. Stir to combine. Pour into the mold of your choice and chill until you are ready to serve.

Title: Pudding Shots
Ingredients: 1 cup milk, ½ cup Irish cream liqueur (eg. Bailey's®), ½ cup vodka (eg. Smirnoff®), 1 (3.9 ounce) package instant chocolate pudding mix
Instructions: Whisk milk, Irish cream liqueur, vodka, and instant pudding mix together in a bowl until thoroughly combined, about 2 minutes. Spoon the pudding mixture into shot glasses or disposable party shot cups. Chill until set, about 30 minutes. The shots will have the consistency of mousse.

Title: RumChata Pudding Shots
Ingredients: 1 cup milk, 1 cup rum cream liqueur (such as RumChata®), 1 (4 ounce) package instant chocolate pudding mix, 1 (8 ounce) container frozen whipped topping (such as Cool Whip®), thawed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix milk, rum cream liqueur, and pudding mix together in a bowl until thickened. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently stir whipped topping into the pudding mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon into disposable shot cups and place on a plate. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Freeze until chilled and set, at least 3 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Halloween Jell-O Shots
Ingredients: ¾ cup boiling water, 1 (3 ounce) package lemon-flavored gelatin mix (such as Jell-O), 1 cup vodka, 3  ice cubes, or as needed, ¾ cup boiling water, 1 (3 ounce) package orange-flavored gelatin mix (such as Jell-O), 3  ice cubes, or as needed, 1 cup vodka, 2 tablespoons warm water, 1 (.25 ounce) envelope unflavored gelatin, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, ½ cup light rum
Instructions: Make the yellow layer: Pour boiling water into a small bowl. Add lemon gelatin mix and stir until dissolved. Pour vodka into a 2-cup liquid measure; add enough ice to make 1 1/4 cups. Pour into lemon gelatin mixture and stir until slightly thickened; remove any unmelted ice. Pour mixture into 16 tall shot glasses, filling each 1/3 full. Refrigerate until lemon gelatin is set, at least 1 1/2 hours. When lemon gelatin is set, make the orange layer: Pour boiling water into a small bowl. Add orange gelatin mix and stir until dissolved. Pour vodka into a 2-cup liquid measure; add enough ice to make 1 1/4 cups. Pour into orange gelatin mixture and stir until slightly thickened; remove any unmelted ice. Pour into shot glasses over lemon gelatin. Refrigerate until orange gelatin is set, at least 1 1/2 hours. When orange gelatin is set, make the white layer: Stir warm water and unflavored gelatin together in a bowl until gelatin is dissolved. Stir in condensed milk and rum. Pour into shot glasses over orange gelatin. Refrigerate until set, at least 30 minutes. Leslie Kelly Recipe Tip Tall shot glasses are available at specialty stores or online.

Title: Doc's Best Beef Jerky
Ingredients: ¼ cup low-sodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons liquid smoke, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon meat tenderizer, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon ground paprika, 2 pounds beef round steak, cut into thin strips
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Prepare the marinade: Combine soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, liquid smoke, brown sugar, salt, pepper, meat tenderizer, garlic powder, onion powder, and paprika in a glass bowl. Place beef strips in a 9x13-inch glass baking dish. Pour marinade over top; toss until evenly coated. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove beef strips from the bowl and place between two pieces of plastic wrap; pound to 1/8-inch thickness. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange pounded beef strips in a single layer on the trays of a dehydrator. Dry at the dehydrator's highest setting until jerky is done to your liking, at least 4 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tips Place steak in the freezer for 30 minutes before cutting. Slightly frozen meat will be easier to cut into thin, consistent slices. Use sweet or smoked paprika if desired. If you don't have a dehydrator, try baking the jerky on the lowest rack of your oven at 180 degrees F (82 degrees C) for 2 to 3 hours.

Title: Homemade Beef Jerky
Ingredients: ¾ cup Worcestershire sauce, ¾ cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, or to taste, 1 tablespoon honey, or more to taste, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 2 pounds beef top round, thinly sliced
Instructions: Whisk together Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, smoked paprika, honey, black pepper, red pepper flakes, garlic powder, and onion powder in a large bowl. Add beef; mix until completely coated with marinade. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator, 3 hours to overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 175 degrees F (80 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place a wire rack on top. Transfer beef to paper towels to dry. Discard marinade. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange beef slices in a single layer on the prepared wire rack on the baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until dry and leathery, 3 to 4 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut jerky with scissors into bite-sized pieces. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Editor's Note: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of marinade ingredients. The actual amount of marinade consumed will vary.

Title: Deer Jerky
Ingredients: 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 4 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons liquid smoke flavoring, 1 tablespoon ketchup, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon pepper, ¼ teaspoon garlic powder, ¼ teaspoon onion salt, 1 pound boneless venison roast
Instructions: Combine soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, liquid smoke, ketchup, salt, pepper, garlic powder, and onion salt in a large releasable plastic bag; set aside. Slice venison into long strips, 1-inch wide and 1/8-inch thick. Add strips to marinade and seal the bag. Refrigerate 8 hours to overnight, kneading occasionally to evenly distribute marinade. Preheat the oven to 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Place a pan or aluminum foil on the oven floor to catch drippings. Remove venison from the marinade and shake off excess. Arrange venison on a wire rack in a single layer and dehydrate in the preheated oven until desired texture is achieved, 6 to 8 hours.

Title: Matzah
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour for dusting*, 1 cup all-purpose flour*, ⅓ cup water, or more if needed, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, or as needed (Optional), 1 teaspoon olive oil, or as needed (Optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Move an oven rack to the top position. Preheat a heavy baking sheet in the oven. Dust a clean work surface and a rolling pin with 1 teaspoon flour, or as needed. Place 1 cup flour into a mixing bowl; set a timer for 16 minutes (18 minutes maximum). Start the timer; pour water, 1 tablespoon at a time, into flour. Stir with a fork until dough forms a rough ball. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer dough to the prepared work surface; knead rapidly and firmly until smooth, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide dough into 4 equal pieces; cut each piece in half to get 8 pieces. Swiftly roll each piece into a ball. Working from the center, roll out each dough piece into a 5-inch-diameter round, dusting with flour as needed. Continue to gradually roll dough out to a diameter of about 8 inches, increasing each size by about 1 inch, then letting dough rest for a few seconds before rolling again to the finished size. The dough rounds will be very thin. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Use a fork to quickly pierce through each dough round about 25 times, all over, to prevent rising. Flip dough over and pierce each piece again 25 times. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios With at least 5 minutes left on the timer, remove the hot baking sheet from the preheated oven and place dough rounds onto the baking sheet. Bake on the top rack in the preheated oven for 2 minutes; flip matzah over and bake until lightly browned and crisp, about 2 more minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Use a brush to lightly anoint each matzah with olive oil. Season generously with salt. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor *Making matzah breads kosher for Passover requires using special Passover flour that has been guarded from contact with liquids. The cook is allowed no longer than 18 minutes from the point they combine flour and water to when they remove the matzah from the oven to be considered fit for Passover. Of course, non-kosher cooks may bake at a more leisurely pace if desired.

Title: Great-Grandmother Bubbie's Hamantaschen
Ingredients: 2 cups pitted prunes, 2 cups dried apricots, 1 1/3 cups white sugar, or to taste, 3 large eggs, ½ cup safflower oil, 1  lemon, zested, 1  orange, zested, 4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, ½ cup chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon lemon juice
Instructions: Place prunes and apricots in a large pot, cover with water, and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Cover and cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until fruit is tender, about 15 minutes. Drain fruit in a colander and mash together in a medium bowl using a fork. Set aside to cool while you make dough. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk together 1 cup sugar, eggs, oil, lemon zest, and orange zest in a large bowl until well combined. Sift together flour and baking powder in another large bowl. Stir egg mixture into flour mixture, kneading with hands until dough comes together. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and roll out dough to about 1/4-inch thickness. Cut circles out using a cookie cutter or the rim of a drinking glass. Mix together prune-apricot mixture, walnuts, remaining 1/3 cup sugar, and lemon juice in another large bowl until filling is well combined. Place 1 tablespoon filling in the center of each dough circle. Pinch the edges firmly together to create a triangle, leaving the center open to expose filling. Repeat with remaining dough circles. Place hamantaschen on the prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool on the baking sheets for 10 minutes, then remove to a wire rack to cool completely.

Title: Tzimmes
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 ½ pounds carrots, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch rounds, ⅓ cup seedless golden raisins, ¼ cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 ½ tablespoons honey, 1 ½ tablespoons brown sugar, kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley
Instructions: Heat oil in a pan over medium-high heat. Add carrots, raisins, orange juice, honey, brown sugar, salt, and pepper; bring it to a boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer until carrots are tender, about 25 minutes. Uncover the pan, increase heat to high and cook until sauce has thickened, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle parsley on top before serving.

Title: Easy Red, White, and Blue Trifle
Ingredients: 1 purchased angel food cake, cut into bite-sized pieces, divided, 32 ounces sweetened vanilla yogurt, divided, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and sliced, or more for a larger bowl, divided, 3/4 cup strawberry preserves, 1 to 2 tablespoons water,  or more as needed, 2 cups blueberries, rinsed and dried, 3/4 cup blueberry preserves, whole strawberries and blueberries for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Place a layer of angel food cake pieces in the bottom of a small trifle dish or pretty cut glass bowl. Spread a thin layer of yogurt over cake layer. Add a single layer of sliced strawberries. Place strawberry preserves and 1 tablespoon water in a microwave-safe bowl and heat on High until preserves liquefy, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir, and add up to 1 tablespoon more water if needed to make a syrup. Drizzle a portion of strawberry syrup over strawberry layer. Add another single layer of cake pieces, and spread with yogurt. Sprinkle with blueberries. Place blueberry preserves and 1 tablespoon water in a microwave-safe bowl and heat on High until preserves have melted, about 1 minute. Stir, and add up to 1 tablespoon more water if needed to make a syrup. Drizzle a portion of blueberry syrup over blueberries. Add another layer of cake pieces; spread with yogurt, add a layer of strawberries, and drizzle with strawberry syrup. Add a layer of cake; spread with yogurt, sprinkle with blueberries, and drizzle with blueberry syrup. Spread with a final layer of yogurt. Garnish with fresh strawberry slices, whole berries, and blueberries, and drizzle with any remaining syrup. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Store leftovers, covered, in the refrigerator. Cook’s Note If you are using a straight-sided trifle bowl, the amount of each ingredient per layer will be evenly divided. If you are using a bowl with slanted sides, the lower layers will take less of each ingredient than the upper layers, so fill your bowl accordingly. To make a fruit syrup for the fresh fruit, you will melt a little fruit preserves or jelly in the microwave and combine with a little water.

Title: Red, White, and Blue Cheesecake Bites
Ingredients: 1/2 cup finely crushed graham cracker crumbs, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1/8 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 lime, zested, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 2 large eggs, 1/2 cup cold heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 24 slices fresh strawberry, 72 fresh blueberries
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray 2 12-cup mini muffin tins with nonstick cooking spray, and use your finger to make sure the inside of each cup is well greased. Place muffin tins on a sheet pan. Stir together graham cracker crumbs, 1 tablespoon sugar, butter, and 1/8 teaspoon vanilla extract in a bowl until crumb mixture resembles wet sand. Spoon a slightly rounded teaspoon of crumb mixture into the bottom of each cup. Use a spoon to spread crumbs into a relatively even layer. Set one muffin pan on top of the other and press lightly to compact the crumbs. Repeat with the other pan. Combine softened cream cheese, lime zest, and 1/2 cup sugar in a bowl, and beat until light and fluffy with an electric mixer or whisk. Add 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, flour, and 1 egg; beat until egg is incorporated and mixture is smooth. Add remaining egg; whisk until smooth. Transfer batter into a piping bag, and pipe into the muffin tins, filling them all the way to the top. You can use a spoon; but a piping bag is neater and takes much less time. Use a skewer to stir each cup to remove any air bubbles. Tap pan on the counter to settle batter down. Bake in the preheated oven until batter rises slightly and very small cracks appear on the surface, 20 to 25 minutes. The cheesecakes on the inside may cook more slowly than the ones on the outside, and may not rise as high or crack. Let cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Remove from the tins. Wrap and refrigerate cheesecakes until fully chilled, at least 30 minutes. To make whipped cream topping, whisk cold cream in a bowl until soft peaks start to form. Add sour cream, and continue whisking until medium-stiff peaks form. Top each cold cheesecake with whipped cream, 3 blueberries, and 1 strawberry slice. Chef John

Title: Korean BBQ Short Ribs (Galbi)
Ingredients: ¾ cup soy sauce, ¾ cup water, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, ½ large onion, minced, ¼ cup minced garlic, ¼ cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 3 pounds Korean-style short ribs (beef chuck flanken, cut 1/3- to 1/2-inch-thick across bones)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour soy sauce, water, vinegar, and sesame oil into a large, non-metallic bowl. Whisk in onion, garlic, brown sugar, white sugar, and pepper, whisking until sugars dissolve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Submerge ribs in the marinade. Cover the bowl and refrigerate 7 to 12 hours; the longer, the better. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat. Remove ribs from marinade and shake off excess; discard marinade. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook on the preheated grill until the meat is no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes per side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Kalbi (Korean BBQ Short Ribs)
Ingredients: ¾ cup soy sauce, ¾ cup brown sugar, ¾ cup water, 2  green onions, chopped, 1  garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon Asian (toasted) sesame oil, 2 pounds Korean-style short ribs (beef chuck flanken, cut ⅓  to ½ inch thick across bones)
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Stir soy sauce, brown sugar, water, green onions, garlic, and sesame oil together in a bowl until sugar has dissolved. Place ribs in a large resealable plastic bag; pour in marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 3 hours. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat; lightly oil the grate. Remove ribs from the bag; shake off excess marinade and discard marinade. Grill ribs on the preheated grill until meat is still pink but not bloody nearest the bone, 5 to 7 minutes per side. From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of marinade ingredients. The actual amount of marinade consumed will vary.

Title: Korean BBQ Galbi
Ingredients: 5 pounds beef short ribs, cut flanken style, 1  Asian pear, cored and cubed, 1  onion, coarsely chopped, 5 cloves garlic, 1 cup soy sauce (such as Kikkoman®), 1 cup brown sugar, ¼ cup honey, ¼ cup sesame oil, black pepper to taste
Instructions: Place ribs in a large pot and cover with cold water. Soak ribs in the refrigerator for 1 hour to pull out any blood. Drain. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine Asian pear, onion, and garlic in a blender; blend until smooth. Pour into a large bowl and stir in soy sauce, brown sugar, honey, sesame oil, and black pepper. Add ribs to soy mixture; turn to coat evenly. Cover the bowl and marinate in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove ribs from marinade and cook on the preheated grill until meat is tender and the outside is crusty, 5 to 10 minutes per side. Discard marinade. dotdash meredith food studios Recipe Tip You can use rice wine or kiwis instead of Asian pears.

Title: The Best Grilled Chicken Breasts
Ingredients: 6 (6 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 1/4 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 1/2 teaspoons onion powder, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, oil or cooking spray, 2 teaspoons kosher salt
Instructions: Trim any excess fat from chicken. Place a piece of plastic or parchment on top of each chicken breast on a solid, level surface, and pound the thick end of chicken to flatten to an even thickness. Place chicken in a large resealable plastic bag. Add olive oil, Dijon, honey, soy sauce, lemon juice, garlic, onion powder, and ginger to the bag. Press any excess air out of the bag and seal the bag tightly. Massage chicken around in the bag until marinade is fully incorporated and chicken is well coated. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight, turning the bag occasionally. Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, about 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Brush the grill grates with oil or coat with cooking spray. Place chicken, top side down, on the grill. Sprinkle evenly with salt. Cook, undisturbed, until chicken easily releases from the grill and has dark brown grill marks, about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) or medium heat, then flip and cook an additional 5 to 7 minutes or until chicken has reached an internal temperature of 165 degrees F (73 degrees C). Remove from heat and let stand 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Copycat Onion Wrapped Flying Dutchman
Ingredients: 1 large white onion, 3/4 pound ground beef round, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices American cheese, cut into thirds, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 teaspoon mustard, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut 4 1/2 -inch thick slices from the center portion of the onion and discard the smaller ends for another use. Divide beef into 4 portions and form each portion into a very thin patty. Season patties with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add 2 onion slices to the pan and cook, undisturbed, about 2 minutes. Add 2 patties and continue to cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip onion and burger patties and continue to cook until golden brown pressing the burger as it cooks. Add 2 cheese slices to the top of one onion slice and both burger patties. Place one burger on the cheese-topped onion slice and top with the second burger patty. Place remaining onion slice over burger and press down. Flip burger and cook 1 to 2 more minutes. Remove from pan and set aside. Repeat with remaining onions, burger patties and cheese. Combine mayo, ketchup, mustard, and pickle relish in a small bowl and stir well. Serve with burgers.

Title: Green No-Bean Hummus
Ingredients: 2 ½ pounds zucchini, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more to taste, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 cloves crushed garlic, 3 tablespoons tahini, ½ lemon, juiced, plus more to taste, 6 leaf basil leaves, sliced, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon cumin, 1 pinch cayenne
Instructions: Trim ends from zucchini and cut into quarters. Trim out seeds if zucchini are really big. Cut into 1 ½-inch pieces and add to a bowl. Toss thoroughly with 2 tablespoons kosher salt and let sit for 15 to 20 minutes, tossing halfway through. Transfer zucchini to a strainer and rinse off salt very thoroughly. Let drain well before transferring to a bowl. Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil. Toss zucchini with 2 tablespoons olive oil, toss, and spread out in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet, making sure zucchini pieces touch each other. Broil on high heat until zucchini start to brown and are lightly charred, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove pan and turn zucchini pieces over. Return and broil until zucchini are tender but not mushy, and nicely browned, 5 to 6 minutes longer. Transfer zucchini to a strainer and let drain until cooled to room temperature, about 45 minutes. Combine drained zucchini, remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, tahini, garlic, lemon juice, basil, ½ teaspoon salt, cumin, black pepper, and cayenne in a blender. Blend until smooth, and taste for seasoning. You can also use an immersion blender. For best flavor, cover and chill the hummus before serving. Chef John

Title: Perfect Key Lime Pie with Coconut Rum Whipped Cream
Ingredients: 11 graham crackers, 1/4 cup white sugar, 5 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 (14 ounce) can plus 1/2 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2/3 cup freshly squeezed lime juice or Key lime juice (see Note), 1/2 teaspoon lime zest, 3 large egg yolks, 1/3 cup sour cream, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 1/4 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons coconut rum
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Break graham crackers into the bowl of a food processor and add sugar. Pulse until coarsely ground. Add melted butter and pulse about 4 times until mixture resembles damp sand; transfer to a pie plate and very lightly press into bottom and up sides of the dish. Bake in the preheated oven just until fragrant, 4 to 6 minutes. Let cool. Whisk together sweetened condensed milk and lime juice until smooth. Whisk in egg yolks until well combined. Stir in sour cream and zest until smooth. Pour filling over graham cracker crust; lightly spread in an even layer. Place pie dish on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until just set around the edges and slightly jiggly in the center, 14 to 16 minutes. Remove to a wire rack to cool to room temperature, about 40 minutes. Chill pie in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours. Place cream, powdered sugar, and rum in a mixing bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until cream holds medium peaks. Serve pie with whipped cream. From the Editor: Key limes, smaller and more acidic than the more common Persian lime, are seasonal. They are harvested from June through September, and may be more difficult to find in other months. Either lime works in this recipe. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Key Lime Pie
Ingredients: 3 cups sweetened condensed milk, ¾ cup key lime juice, ½ cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon grated lime zest, 1 (9 inch) prepared graham cracker crust
Instructions: Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine condensed milk, key lime juice, sour cream, and lime zest in a bowl; mix well. Pour into graham cracker crust; place pie on a baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 5 to 8 minutes, until tiny pinhole bubbles burst on the surface of the pie. The filling will be wobbly but not browned. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer pie to a wire rack to cool, then thoroughly chill pie in the refrigerator before serving, about 1 hour. Garnish with lime slices and whipped cream, if desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Easy Key Lime Pie
Ingredients: 5  egg yolks, beaten, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, ½ cup key lime juice, 1 (9 inch) prepared graham cracker crust
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine sweetened condensed milk, key lime juice, and egg yolks in a large bowl; mix well. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour mixture into unbaked graham cracker crust. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until filling is set, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Allow to cool completely before slicing. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Sausage Gravy Kolaches
Ingredients: 1/2 cup warm milk (110 degrees F (43 degrees C)), 1 package active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 large egg, 2 1/4 cups all purpose flour, plus more as needed, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 8 ounces ground pork breakfast sausage (or sausage links with casings removed), 1 1/2 teaspoons all purpose flour, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 green onions, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pinch cayenne, 1 large egg, beaten, divided
Instructions: Combine warm milk, yeast, sugar, salt, and melted butter in the bowl of a stand mixer with the dough hook attached. Add egg and flour. Drop down dough hook and start kneading on low speed, stopping and scraping down the sides every so often in the beginning to make sure all the ingredients are incorporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Once everything has come together, increase speed 1 notch and continue kneading until dough is very soft, very smooth, and slightly elastic, about 2 minutes. Transfer dough onto a work surface, knead for 1 minute, and shape into a smooth ball. Since the dough has butter in it, it won’t be sticky. Return dough ball to a lightly buttered bowl. Cover, and allow to rise in a warm spot until it has doubled in size, about 90 minutes. Once dough is risen, transfer to a work surface and punch down to de-gas. Shape back into a ball, and weigh on a digital scale. Divide amount by 8 and weigh out 8 equal dough portions. Roll each portion into a smooth ball, using just enough flour to keep it from sticking. Press and flatten the dough into a disc about 3 1/2-inches wide and a 1/2-inch thick. Shape with your hands to make a small indention in the middle. Transfer to a silpat-lined baking sheet. Cover and let proof until almost doubles in size, 45 to 60 minutes. Combine cooled sausage, cream cheese, green onions, milk, sage, ½ of the beaten egg, salt, pepper, and cayenne in a bowl. Mix filling into a thick paste with a spoon. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) Use slightly damp fingertips to press a well into the center of each kolache to place the filling. Be sure to leave no more that 3/4-inch of un-pressed dough around the outside. Do not press all the way through the dough to the baking sheet. Brush each kolache with remaining egg wash. Fill evenly with the sausage cream cheese mixture. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven, transfer to a wire rack, and allow to rest for 10 to 15 minutes before serving. Top with sliced green onions for garnish. Chef John

Title: Cream Cheese Kolacky
Ingredients: 3 ounces cream cheese, ½ cup butter, softened, 1 cup all-purpose flour, ½ cup any flavor fruit jam, ⅓ cup confectioners' sugar for decoration
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Mix cream cheese and butter together in a bowl until smooth. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Gradually stir in flour until just combined. Shape dough into a ball; cover the bowl and refrigerate for at least 3 hours or overnight. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Roll out dough on a floured pastry board to a thickness of 1/8 inch. Cut into 2 1/2-inch squares and place about 1/2 teaspoon of jam or preserves in the center. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Overlap opposite corners and pinch together. Place on ungreased baking sheets. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Bake in the preheated oven until golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Dust kolacky lightly with confectioner's sugar. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Cook’s Note My grocery store carries Solo cake and pastry fillings, which are also good.

Title: Breakfast Kolaches
Ingredients: 1 cup warm milk, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 large egg yolk, beaten, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 cups bread flour, ½ tablespoon salt, ¼ cup white sugar, 3 teaspoons bread machine yeast, 18  2-inch sausages, cut in half, 1 (16 ounce) package frozen hash brown potatoes, 9 slices Cheddar cheese, each cut into 4 squares
Instructions: Make the dough: Place milk, egg, egg yolk, butter, flour, salt, sugar, and yeast into a bread machine in the order listed, or follow the order recommended by your manufacturer if different. Run the Dough cycle, about 1 1/2 hours. When the cycle is finished, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease a large baking sheet. Punch down dough on a lightly floured surface and divide into 36 pieces. Roll pieces into balls. Arrange balls in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet, about 2 inches apart. Allow balls to rise, 15 to 20 minutes. Flatten balls, and make a depression in the center of each. Fill each with 1 piece sausage, about 1 tablespoon potatoes, and 1 square Cheddar. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, 15 to 18 minutes.

Title: Quick 2-Ingredient Nutella Hotteok (Korean Sweet Pancakes)
Ingredients: 1 (16.3 ounce) can refrigerated biscuits, 1/2 cup nutella, 2 tablespoons neutral oil
Instructions: Flatten each biscuit into a 4 inch circle. Place 1 tablespoon filling in the center of each biscuit. Wrap dough around the filling into a ball and crimp the dough to seal it tightly. Flatten the filled ball of dough into a patty shape. Heat a non stick skillet over medium-low heat. Add 2 teaspoon of oil and, working with 2 to 3 at a time, place the filled dough, seam side down into the skillet. Place lid on skillet and cook until the bottom side is golden brown and toasted, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the pastries and cook until golden on both sides and the dough along the outside is cooked, an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Repeat with the remaining filled pastries and oil. Dotdash Meredith Video Studios Cook’s Note You can change the fillings to any sweet combo such as peanut butter and jelly or brown sugar and pecans.

Title: Korean Banana Milk
Ingredients: 1 banana, 1/2 cup whole milk, 1/2 cup cold water, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 4 to 5 ice cubes (optional)
Instructions: Combine banana, milk, water, maple syrup and vanilla in the blender cup. Blend until smooth. Place ice cubes in glass (if using). Pour banana milk on top. Cook’s Note I have tried blending with ice cubes or frozen bananas and have wound up with a banana smoothie, not banana milk. Still delicious!

Title: Easy Pancakes
Ingredients: 1 cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1  egg, beaten
Instructions: Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center, and pour in milk, oil, and egg. Mix until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium-high heat. Pour or scoop batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake; cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side. Repeat with remaining batter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tip These easy pancakes are best served with homemade blueberry compote .

Title: Classic Macaroni Salad
Ingredients: 4 cups uncooked elbow macaroni, 1 cup mayonnaise, ⅔ cup white sugar, ¼ cup distilled white vinegar, 2 ½ tablespoons prepared yellow mustard, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 1  green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, ¼ cup grated carrot (Optional), 2 tablespoons chopped pimento peppers (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook elbow macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Rinse under cold water and drain. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix mayonnaise, sugar, vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper, and macaroni together in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in celery, onion, green pepper, carrot, and pimentos. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Refrigerate salad for at least 4 hours before serving, but preferably overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: To Die For Blueberry Muffins
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups all-purpose flour, ¾ cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ⅓ cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, ⅓ cup milk, or more as needed, 1 cup fresh blueberries, ½ cup white sugar, ⅓ cup all-purpose flour, ¼ cup butter, cubed, 1 ½ teaspoons ground cinnamon
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease 8 muffin cups or line with paper liners. To make the muffins: Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Pour oil into a small liquid measuring cup. Add egg and enough milk to reach the 1-cup mark; stir until combined. Pour into flour mixture and mix just until batter is combined. Fold in blueberries; set batter aside. To make the crumb topping: Combine sugar, flour, butter, and cinnamon in a small bowl. Mix with a fork until crumbly. Spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling right to the top. Sprinkle with crumb topping. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Dianne

Title: Roasted Okra
Ingredients: 18  fresh okra pods, sliced 1/3 inch thick, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, or to taste, 2 teaspoons black pepper, or to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange okra in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil; sprinkle with kosher salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roast in the preheated oven until okra is lightly browned and tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Soul Smothered Chicken
Ingredients: ½ cup butter, 1  whole chicken, cut into pieces, 3 teaspoons salt, divided, ¾ teaspoon ground black pepper, divided, ¾ cup all-purpose flour, 3 cups chopped yellow onions, 2 cups chopped carrots, 1 cup chopped celery, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 3 cups chicken broth, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken pieces with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Place 3/4 cup flour in a shallow dish. Dredge chicken in flour, place in the skillet, and brown on all sides. Set chicken aside, and drain skillet, reserving about 1 tablespoon butter. Reduce skillet heat to medium-low, and stir in onions, carrots, celery, and garlic. Cook until tender, 5 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons flour, and cook 5 minutes more. Pour in chicken broth, season with cayenne pepper, and remaining salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, and reduce heat to low. Return chicken to the skillet, cover, and continue cooking until chicken juices run clear and gravy has thickened, about 30 minutes.

Title: Southern Grits Casserole
Ingredients: 6 cups water, 2 cups uncooked grits, 3 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, divided, ½ cup butter, cut into pieces, divided, 1 pound ground pork sausage, 12 large eggs, ½ cup milk, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a large baking dish. Bring water to a boil in a large saucepan; stir in grits. Reduce the heat, cover, and simmer until liquid has been absorbed, about 5 minutes. Mix in 2 cups Cheddar cheese and 1/2 of the butter until melted. Cook sausage in a skillet over medium-high heat until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and add to grits mixture. Whisk eggs and milk together in a bowl. Pour into the skillet used to cook the sausage. Lightly scramble eggs over medium-low heat, then mix into grits mixture. Pour grits mixture into the prepared baking dish. Dot with remaining butter, sprinkle with remaining 1 cup Cheddar, and season with salt and pepper. Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, about 30 minutes. Melissa Goff

Title: Classic Macaroni Salad
Ingredients: 4 cups uncooked elbow macaroni, 1 cup mayonnaise, ⅔ cup white sugar, ¼ cup distilled white vinegar, 2 ½ tablespoons prepared yellow mustard, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 1  green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, ¼ cup grated carrot (Optional), 2 tablespoons chopped pimento peppers (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook elbow macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Rinse under cold water and drain. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix mayonnaise, sugar, vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper, and macaroni together in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in celery, onion, green pepper, carrot, and pimentos. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Refrigerate salad for at least 4 hours before serving, but preferably overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Guacamole
Ingredients: 3  avocados - peeled, pitted, and mashed, 1  lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon salt, 2  roma (plum) tomatoes, diced, ½ cup diced onion, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 pinch ground cayenne pepper (Optional)
Instructions: Mash avocados, lime juice, and salt together in a medium bowl; mix in tomatoes, onion, cilantro, and garlic. Stir in cayenne pepper. Serve immediately, or cover and refrigerate for 1 hour for improved flavor. Rita

Title: Best Fried Green Tomatoes
Ingredients: 4 large green tomatoes, 2 large eggs, ½ cup milk, 1 cup all-purpose flour, ½ cup cornmeal, ½ cup bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 quart vegetable oil for frying
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Slice tomatoes 1/2 inch thick. Discard the ends. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk eggs and milk together in a medium-sized bowl. Scoop flour onto a plate. Mix cornmeal, bread crumbs, salt, and pepper on another plate. Dip tomatoes into flour to coat. Then dip tomatoes into milk and egg mixture; dredge in breadcrumbs to completely coat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a large deep skillet to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place tomatoes in hot oil in batches of 4 or 5, to prevent them from touching; fry until crisp and golden brown on one side, then flip and fry on other side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer fried tomatoes to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Repeat with remaining tomatoes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Cook’s Note You can also fry up red tomatoes with this recipe but make sure they are not overripe or they will be mushy. Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Spiced Harissa Beef-and-Lamb Koftas
Ingredients: 1 pound 85% lean ground beef chuck, 8 ounces ground lamb, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1/3 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1/4 cup grated onion, 2 tablespoons harissa paste (see Note), 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 cup plain yogurt, 1 1/2 tablespoons tahini (sesame seed paste), 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 1/8 teaspoon salt
Instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat (350 to 375 degrees F (175 to 190 degrees C)). Combine beef, lamb, egg, cilantro, onion, harissa, garlic, coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, the cumin, turmeric, ginger, and cinnamon in a large bowl. Be careful not to overmix, or meat will be tough. Shape mixture around 6 (10-inch) skewers, making the meat mixture 1-inch thick around the skewers. Oil grill grates. Grill koftas, covered, turning occasionally, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into centers registers 160 degrees F (71 degrees C), about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, stir yogurt, tahini, lemon juice, parsley, and 1/8 teaspoon salt together in a small bowl. Serve yogurt sauce with koftas. Cook’s Note Harissa is available as a sauce or as a paste, which have distinct consistencies. Brands also differ by ingredients and heat level, so start with a small amount and taste before adding more. If using wooden skewers, soak 30 minutes before using to prevent burning.

Title: Barbacoa-Spiced Easter Lamb
Ingredients: 1 (6 to 7 pound) bone-in leg of lamb roast, fat layer trimmed to 1/4-inch, 2 tablespoons kosher salt (see Note), 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground ancho chile, 1/2 teaspoon ground chipotle, 2 teaspoons dried Mexican oregano, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 orange, juiced, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 red onion, sliced, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, halved, 4 large carrots, cut into 2-inch pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt
Instructions: Place lamb, fat-side up, on a cutting board; use a knife to score the surface 1/4-inch deep in a crosshatch pattern. After scoring, poke all over with the knife, about 2 inches deep on both sides. Combine salt, chili powder, black pepper, ancho chile, chipotle, oregano, cinnamon, and garlic powder in a large bowl. Squeeze in orange juice, lemon juice, and lime juice; whisk together thoroughly. Place lamb into the bowl; turn over several times to coat completely. Transfer to the refrigerator and marinate, uncovered, for 24 to 48 hours, turning at least once halfway through. Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Remove the rack from a roasting pan and scatter onions into bottom. Place the rack back on. Toss potatoes, carrots, olive oil, minced garlic, and salt into a bowl and stir until evenly coated. Transfer to the pan, and space evenly around the outside on top of the rack. Place lamb, fat side up, in the center of rack. Pour chicken stock into the bowl used to marinate the lamb; give it a quick stir and pour all of the liquid into the bottom of the pan. Place in the preheated oven, and immediately turn temperature down to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Roast until internal temperature in the center of largest muscle reads 135 degrees F (57 degrees C) for medium doneness, about 3 hours. Internal temperature will rise up to 5 degrees while lamb rests, for a final temp of about 140 degrees F (60 degrees C). Roasting time will depend on size of lamb, so start to test with a thermometer after 2 hours, or roast with a probe thermometer inserted throughout. Remove lamb to a plate or cutting board and cover loosely with foil. Let rest at least 30 minutes before slicing. Meanwhile, transfer vegetables to a serving platter and keep warm. Pour pan jus into a large measuring cup. Wait for fat to rise to the surface; skim off fat and discard. Serve jus on sliced lamb. John Mitzewich Chef's Note: The rule of thumb for the amount of salt to use is 1 teaspoon kosher salt for every pound of lamb.

Title: Simple Roasted Lamb Breast
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon crushed rosemary, 1 teaspoon parsley flakes, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 (2 1/4 pound) split lamb breast
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Whisk olive oil, rosemary. parsley, paprika, garlic powder, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl. Place lamb breast in a roasting pan fat side up. Brush seasoned oil on all sides of the breast. Bake, covered, in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted near the center reads 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), about 2 hours. Remove from the oven; let rest for 30 minutes. Cut each breast in half and serve.

Title: Roasted Butternut Squash and Spinach Lasagna
Ingredients: 6 cups cubed butternut squash (from 1 large butternut squash), 4 teaspoons olive oil, divided, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1 cup chopped yellow onion, 10 cups fresh spinach, 2 cups shredded provolone cheese, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1 (32 ounce) container whole milk ricotta cheese, 1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 2 large eggs, cooking spray, 5 cups marinara sauce, 12 oven-ready lasagna noodles, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Toss together butternut squash, 2 teaspoons of the oil, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt, and 1/4 teaspoon of the pepper. Arrange in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until softened and lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside. Meanwhile, heat remaining 2 teaspoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and 1/4 teaspoon of the salt, and cook, stirring often, until softened and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Add spinach, and cook, stirring often, until wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat, and set aside. Combine shredded provolone and mozzarella in a bowl. Stir together ricotta, parsley, eggs, 1 1/2 cups of the shredded cheese mixture, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Lightly coat a 13x9-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Spread 1 cup of the marinara on the bottom. Arrange 4 noodles side by side over sauce; spread half of ricotta mixture over noodles. Spread roasted squash evenly over ricotta mixture; top with 1 1/2 cups marinara. Top with 4 more noodles and remaining ricotta mixture. Spread spinach mixture evenly over ricotta mixture; top with 1 1/2 cups marinara. Top with remaining 4 noodles and 1 cup marinara. Sprinkle with Parmesan and remaining shredded cheese mixture. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake at 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) for 35 minutes. Uncover; bake until golden and bubbly, about 20 minutes more. Let stand 10 minutes before cutting into 10 slices. Dotdash Meredith Video Studios

Title: Butternut Squash Lasagna
Ingredients: 1  butternut squash, halved and seeded, 1 tablespoon olive oil, divided, or as needed, 1 (8 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1  onion, chopped, 1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 7 cups milk, divided, ½ cup cornstarch, 2 cups grated Parmesan cheese, divided, 1 tablespoon honey or to taste, ¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg, 4  fresh sage leaves, shredded, or to taste, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 (16 ounce) package lasagna noodles, ¼ teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place squash, cut-side up, on the prepared baking sheet. Cover squash with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until squash is tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour 15 minutes. Heat 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir mushrooms and garlic in the hot oil until mushrooms are tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove skillet from heat. Heat remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil in a separate skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onion in the hot oil until softened, about 5 minutes. Add spinach to onion; cook until spinach is heated through, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat. Heat 6 cups milk in a 5-quart saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir until milk is simmering, about 5 minutes. Whisk remaining 1 cup milk and cornstarch together in a bowl until smooth; stir into simmering milk. Bring milk mixture to just under a boil, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon and scraping bottom of pot to prevent scorching, until milk mixture has thickened into a sauce, about 5 minutes; remove pot from heat. Whisk 1 1/2 cups Parmesan cheese, honey, nutmeg, sage, salt, and pepper into sauce until smooth. Cover pot with a lid and keep warm over low heat. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Scrape flesh from butternut squash into a bowl; stir with a fork until evenly mashed. Stir ginger, salt, and pepper into mashed butternut squash. Spoon about 1 cup white sauce into the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish; arrange a layer of noodles atop white sauce. Layer 1/2 butternut squash mixture, 1/5 remaining white sauce, noodles, spinach mixture, 1/5 white sauce, noodles, 1/2 the mozzarella cheese, mushroom mixture, 1/5 white sauce, noodles, remaining 1/2 butternut squash mixture, 1/5 the white sauce, remaining noodles, remaining 1/5 white sauce, remaining mozzarella cheese, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, respectively. Cover dish with aluminum foil and place dish on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove cover and bake until bubbling and cheese is browned, about 15 more minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. Recipe Tip You can split this recipe into two 8x8-inch pans and freeze one for later.

Title: World's Best Lasagna
Ingredients: 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, ¾ pound lean ground beef, ½ cup minced onion, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes, 2 (6.5 ounce) cans canned tomato sauce, 2 (6 ounce) cans tomato paste, ½ cup water, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, divided, 1 ½ teaspoons dried basil leaves, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, divided, or to taste, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, ½ teaspoon fennel seeds, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 12  lasagna noodles, 16 ounces ricotta cheese, 1  egg, ¾ pound mozzarella cheese, sliced, ¾ cup grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Gather all your ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook sausage, ground beef, onion, and garlic in a Dutch oven over medium heat until well browned. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce, tomato paste, and water. Season with sugar, 2 tablespoons parsley, basil, 1 teaspoon salt, Italian seasoning, fennel seeds, and pepper. Simmer, covered, for about 1 ½ hours, stirring occasionally. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain noodles, and rinse with cold water. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta cheese with egg, remaining 2 tablespoons parsley, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). To assemble, spread 1 ½ cups of meat sauce in the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. Arrange 6 noodles lengthwise over meat sauce, overlapping slightly. Spread with 1/2 of the ricotta cheese mixture. Top with 1/3 of the mozzarella cheese slices. Spoon 1 ½ cups meat sauce over mozzarella, and sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Repeat layers, and top with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. Cover with foil: to prevent sticking, either spray foil with cooking spray or make sure the foil does not touch the cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for an additional 25 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Rest lasagna for 15 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor This recipe uses 2 layers of lasagna noodles by slightly overlapping 6 noodles on each layer. The video for this recipe features 3 layers, using 4 noodles on each layer that don't overlap. If you follow the video, use 1 cup of meat sauce and 1/3 of the ricotta cheese mixture in each layer.

Title: Summer Meat Slaw
Ingredients: 1 head green cabbage, 1/2 cup sliced green onions, plus more for garnish, 1 red bell pepper, sliced into thin strips, 1 large carrot, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 4 cups pulled pork or other cooked, shredded meat, 1/4 cup avocado oil, divided, or as needed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons chile garlic sauce (such as Sriracha®), 1/3 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1/3 cup chopped cilantro
Instructions: Halve and core cabbage; cut each half into 2 pieces, and slice cabbage into 1/4-inch thick strips; set aside. Add green onions, bell pepper, and garlic to a large mixing bowl. With a vegetable peeler, peel thin strips of carrot over the top. Place a nonstick skillet over high heat and add pork. Cook until pork is very hot and a brown crust is forming on the meat, about 5 minutes. If meat is lean, 1 to 2 tablespoons of oil can be added to the pan as needed. Pour hot pork over veggies and mix with tongs to combine. Add 2 tablespoons oil to the same pan and place over high heat. Transfer in cabbage and salt. Cook, stirring, until cabbage softens and starts to brown in spots, but still retains a bit of crunch. Add cabbage, black pepper, Sriracha, and rice vinegar to the bowl; mix slaw thoroughly. Add cilantro, and mix thoroughly. Taste for seasoning, and adjust salt and pepper, heat, and vinegar as needed. Serve hot, warm, or at room temperature, garnished with thinly sliced green onion. If making ahead, warm slaw before serving. John Mitzewich

Title: Easy Chicken Fried Rice
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, ⅓ cup diced carrots, ¼ cup sliced green onions, white and lighter green parts, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, ½ teaspoon ground ginger, 3 cups cold cooked rice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded cooked chicken, ½ cup frozen peas, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons Sriracha mayonnaise, or to taste, 1 tablespoon sliced green onions, or to taste
Instructions: Heat canola and sesame oils in a large, nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add carrot and 1/4 cup green onion; cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Stir in garlic powder and ginger and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in rice, salt, and pepper; cook, stirring only once or twice, until rice is lightly browned, about 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in chicken and peas; cook for 2 minutes. Push rice mixture to the sides of the pan, creating a circle in the middle. Add butter to the center of the pan. When melted, pour eggs into the center. Cook eggs, stirring often, until almost set, about 3 minutes. Stir eggs into the rice mixture. Stir in soy sauce and rice vinegar; cook for 2 more minutes. Serve immediately topped with Sriracha mayo and green onions. Ramona Cruz-Peters Cook’s Note Avoid stirring too much when the rice is added so that it will get lightly crispy and caramelized around the edges - that's the best part! You can use leftover pork, steak, or shrimp in place of chicken.

Title: Chopped Greek Chicken Sandwich
Ingredients: 1 sandwich roll, 6 ounces cooked chicken, 1/4 cup thinly sliced green pepper, 4 grape tomatoes, thinly sliced, or more to taste, 4 slices English cucumber, or more to taste, 6 pitted Greek olives, halved, or more to taste, 3 thin slices red onion, or more to taste, 1 cup thickly sliced hearts of Romaine, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, or to taste, 1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1/2 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
Instructions: Cut sandwich roll 3/4 of the way in, and if desired, remove some of the crumb from the inside to make more room for filling. Pile up chicken, green pepper, tomatoes, cucumber, olives, and onion. Season with salt, black pepper, cayenne, and oregano, and then use a cleaver or large knife to chop everything into about 1/2-inch pieces. Add Romaine, and chop again until everything into about 1/4-inch pieces, or as fine as you want. Top with feta, lemon juice, and olive oil. Perform one last, brief chopping until everything is evenly mixed. Taste and adjust seasoning. Transfer filling into roll, and serve immediately. John Mitzewich

Title: Lemon Curd-Poppy Seed Crumb Bars
Ingredients: 3/4 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 3/4 cup lemon curd, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 9x9-inch pan with enough parchment paper to have overhang all sides. In a large bowl, mix together melted butter, brown sugar, vanilla, salt, and almond extract until thoroughly combined. Add in flour, baking powder, and poppy seeds and mix until combined. Measure out about 1 1/2 cups of the mixture and press evenly into the bottom of the prepared pan. Reserve remaining mixture to use as the crumb topping. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is just beginning to turn golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the filling. Mix lemon curd, lemon zest, flour, egg, vanilla extract, and salt together in a bowl with a whisk or electric mixer until thoroughly combined. Pour in sweetened condensed milk and mix until combined. Remove crust from oven and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Pour filling over crust and smooth into an even layer using a spatula. Sprinkle reserved crumbs evenly over filling. Bake until bars look set, 20 to 25 minutes. Allow bars to cool completely in the pan. Place bars into the refrigerator until chilled, at least 4 hours. Cut into 16 bars before serving.

Title: Chef John's Lemon Bars
Ingredients: 1 cup all-purpose flour, ½ cup unsalted butter at room temperature, ¼ cup confectioners' sugar, ¼ teaspoon vanilla extract, ¼ teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolks, 1 cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, ¼ cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon confectioners' sugar, or to taste
Instructions: Set an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease an 8x8-inch baking dish. Make crust: Use the back of a spatula or wooden spoon to mash flour and butter in a large bowl until thoroughly combined. Mix in confectioners' sugar, vanilla, and salt until mixture resembles slightly crumbly cookie dough. Moisten your fingers with a little water and press dough into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Use a fork to prick holes all over crust. Bake on the middle rack in the preheated oven until edges are barely golden brown, about 22 minutes. Set aside. Make custard: Beat together eggs and egg yolks in a medium bowl until combined. Whisk in white sugar and flour until smooth. Add lemon juice and zest; whisk for 2 minutes. Pour over warm crust. Bake on the center rack until custard is set and the top has a thin white sugary crust, about 25 minutes. Let cool completely before cutting into bars. Dip a knife into very hot water, then run the blade around the edges and cut into 16 squares. Dust bars with confectioners' sugar. sanzoe Chef's Note To add a meringue topping: Whisk 1 egg white in a bowl until it forms a ribbon. Whisk in 1 tablespoon white sugar until mixture holds soft peaks. Spoon meringue into a resealable plastic bag; cut a corner off the bag and squeeze meringue on top of cut bars in a decorative pattern. Brown meringue lightly with a kitchen torch. Editor's Note: This is one of our most popular lemon bar recipes of all time — learn more: I Tested Our 5 Most Popular Lemon Bars and Named a Winner .

Title: Cranberry Lemon Bars
Ingredients: 1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 6 ounces fresh or frozen cranberries, 1/4 cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon zest, 2 large eggs, 3/4 cup white sugar, 1/3 cup freshly-squeezed lemon juice, 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, confectioners sugar, as needed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Grease an 8x8-inch pan or line with parchment paper on the bottom, leaving a little overhang to easily remove bars. Stir melted butter, 3 tablespoons sugar, almond extract, and salt together in a bowl. Add flour, and mix until well incorporated. Press dough mixture into the prepared pan in an even layer. Bake in the preheated oven until edges start to turn a light brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, and set aside. Meanwhile, combine cranberries, 1/4 cup sugar, water, and 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon zest in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring often. Once cranberries start to pop, mash down with the back of a spoon, until cranberries break down into a smooth consistency, 9 to 12 minutes. Set aside. Whisk eggs, 3/4 cup sugar, lemon juice, flour, and 1 tablespoon lemon zest in a bowl until well combined. To assemble, spread the cranberry mixture evenly over the crust, and pour the lemon layer mixture over the cranberry layer. Return to the oven and bake until filling is set, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool completely in the pan, and run a knife around the pan edges. Cut into squares and dust with confectioners sugar right before serving. Store leftovers in an airtight container.

Title: Coconut Rum Brazilian Lemonade
Ingredients: 2 limes, 2 cups water, 1/2 cup coconut rum, 1/4 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 cups ice
Instructions: Rinse limes and cut the ends off. Cut each lime in 8 wedges and add to a blender. Add water, coconut rum, and sweetened condensed milk; blend until creamy. Fill 3 glasses with ice and strain lemonade over.

Title: Best Homemade Lemonade Ever
Ingredients: 1 ¾ cups white sugar, 1 cup water, 9 medium lemons, or more as needed, 7 cups ice-cold water, ice as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Stir to dissolve sugar while mixture comes to a boil. Set aside to cool slightly. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, roll lemons around on your counter to soften. Cut in half crosswise, and squeeze into a liquid measuring cup. Add pulp to the juice, but discard any seeds. Continue juicing until you have 1 1/2 cups fresh juice and pulp. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour 7 cups ice-cold water into a pitcher. Stir in lemon juice and pulp, then add simple syrup to taste. Add ice. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tips To make ahead, refrigerate the cooled simple syrup for up to one month. Continue with Step 3 when ready to serve. Nine medium lemons should yield about 1 1/2 cups juice and pulp, but the number required will depend on the size you use.

Title: Capirotada
Ingredients: 3 cups water, 2 ¼ cups packed light brown sugar, divided, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 loaves bolillo bread, sliced ½-inch thick, toasted (about 24 ounces), ½ cup butter, softened, 3 cups shredded Oaxaca cheese (about 12 ounces), 2 cups peanuts, 1 cup raisins, ¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon, or to taste, ¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg, or to taste, ⅛ teaspoon ground cloves, or to taste
Instructions: Gather Ingredients and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine water, 2 cups brown sugar, and cinnamon sticks together in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until sugar is dissolved and liquid has reduced into a syrup, about 15 minutes. Remove cinnamon sticks from syrup using a slotted spoon. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread a thin layer of butter onto one side of each toasted bread slice, and sprinkle with cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Shingle bread, butter-side up, to make two rows in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle cheese, raisins, peanuts, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves over bread. Sprinkle remaining remaining 1/4 cup brown sugar over the cheese. Pour cinnamon syrup over entire dish; cover with aluminum foil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until cooked through, about 30 minutes. Cool for 15 to 20 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note: This recipe was tested in our test kitchen in June 2023 and was updated to use bolillo bread and Oaxaca cheese. Test Kitchen Tips Look for bolillo bread at your local Mexican market. If you cannot find it, you can substitute 24 ounces French bread or Italian bread, sliced ½-inch thick. Oaxaca cheese is a semi-hard Mexican-style cheese that is similar to mozzarella cheese in texture. It is made from cow’s milk and has a rich- buttery flavor that is slightly salty. If you can’t find it, you could use shredded Mexican cheese blend, or Monterey Jack cheese.

Title: Spaghetti Aglio e Olio
Ingredients: 1 pound uncooked spaghetti, ½ cup olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, ¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, ¼ cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drain and transfer to a pasta bowl. While the pasta is cooking, combine olive oil and garlic in a cold skillet. Cook over medium heat to slowly toast garlic, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low when olive oil begins to bubble. Cook and stir until garlic is golden brown, about another 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir red pepper flakes, salt, and black pepper into pasta. Pour in hot olive oil and garlic, and sprinkle on Italian parsley and half of the Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; toss until combined. Serve pasta topped with the remaining Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Photo by: Tammy. Photo by: Tammy Recipe Tip It's not traditional, but for extra richness, add 1 tablespoon butter when you toss pasta with cheese.

Title: Spanakopita (Greek Spinach Pie)
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 pounds spinach, rinsed and chopped, ½ cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, ½ cup ricotta cheese, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 8 sheets phyllo dough, ¼ cup olive oil, or as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly oil a 9-inch square baking pan. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute chopped onion, green onions, and garlic in the hot oil until soft and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in spinach and parsley, and continue to saute until spinach is limp, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix feta cheese, ricotta cheese, and eggs in a medium bowl until well combined. Stir in spinach mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Lay one sheet of phyllo dough in the prepared baking pan, and brush lightly with olive oil. Lay another sheet of phyllo dough on top and brush with olive oil. Repeat the process with two more sheets of phyllo dough; the sheets will overlap the pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread spinach and cheese mixture into the pan. Fold any overhanging dough over the filling. Brush with oil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Layer the remaining 4 sheets of phyllo dough, brushing each with oil. Tuck overhanging dough into the pan to seal the filling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 30 to 40 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut into squares and serve while hot. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Green Lentil “Gumbo” Soup
Ingredients: 8 ounces andouille sausage, cut into 1/4-inch cubes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup diced onion, 1 cup diced green bell pepper, 2/3 cup diced celery, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 bay leaf, 6 cups no-salt or low-sodium chicken broth, 8 ounces chicken thighs, cut into small pieces, 4 ounces smoked ham, diced, 3/4 cup sliced fresh or frozen okra, 1 cup green lentils, rinsed, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 teaspoon Louisiana-style hot sauce, 1/4 cup chopped Italian parsley, 1/3 cup sliced green onions, 2 cups cooked white rice (optional), 1/3 cup sliced green onions, or as needed, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
Instructions: Add andouille to a dry soup pot and place over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until sausage begins to brown, a few minutes. Add all the olive oil, unless a lot of fat was rendered from the sausage, in which case adjust the amount of oil added. Add onion, green pepper, celery, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until onions turn translucent, about 5 minutes. Add paprika, cumin, black pepper, thyme, oregano, and bay leaf. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes more. Stir in broth, raise heat to high, and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to medium low and stir in chicken, ham, and sliced okra. Cook’s Note For nice tender lentils, do not use a salted broth, or add any additional salt. This can prevent the lentils from getting tender. Once lentils have softened up near the end of the cooking time, more salt can be added to taste. Cook for 10 minutes, then stir in lentils. Simmer soup, stirring occasionally, until lentils are tender, about 1 hour. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, parsley, and green onions, and cook for another few minutes. Season to taste with salt. Serve with rice, more green onions, and a shake of cayenne. Chef John

Title: Autumn Lentil Soup
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 ½  onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, ½ (750 milliliter) bottle dry white wine (such as Chenin Blanc), ½ pound dry brown lentils, 1 (32 fluid ounce) container chicken stock, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon dried minced onion, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan or Dutch oven over medium heat. Stir in the onions and garlic; cook until the onions soften, turn translucent, and begin to brown, about 10 minutes. Pour in the white wine, and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium, and simmer 10 minutes. Stir in the lentils, chicken stock, Italian seasoning, parsley, garlic powder, and dried onion. Bring to a simmer over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the lentils are very tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Season to taste with salt and black pepper before serving.

Title: Lentil Soup
Ingredients: ¼ cup olive oil, 1  onion, chopped, 2  carrots, diced, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1  bay leaf, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 2 cups dry lentils, 8 cups water, 1 (14.5 ounce) can crushed tomatoes, ½ cup spinach, rinsed and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons vinegar, salt to taste, ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Heat oil in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add onions, carrots, and celery; cook and stir until onion is tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in garlic, bay leaf, oregano, and basil; cook for 2 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in lentils, and add water and tomatoes. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and let simmer until lentils are tender, at least 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios When ready to serve, stir in spinach and cook until it wilts. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in vinegar and season with salt and pepper; taste and adjust as needed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Asian Lettuce Wraps
Ingredients: 16  Boston Bibb or butter lettuce leaves, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 tablespoon cooking oil, 1 large onion, chopped, ¼ cup hoisin sauce, 2 cloves fresh garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons minced pickled ginger, 1 dash Asian chile pepper sauce, or to taste (Optional), 1 (8 ounce) can water chestnuts, drained and finely chopped, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 2 teaspoons Asian (dark) sesame oil
Instructions: Rinse whole lettuce leaves and pat dry, being careful not to tear them; set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add beef; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease; transfer beef to a bowl. Add onion to the same skillet; cook and stir until just tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in hoisin sauce, garlic, soy sauce, vinegar, ginger, and chile pepper sauce until well combined. Add water chestnuts, green onions, sesame oil, and cooked beef; cook and stir until the onions just begin to wilt, about 2 minutes. Arrange lettuce leaves around the outer edge of a large serving platter; spoon beef mixture in the center. Chef'd Recipe Tip Serve on small plates or have napkins available since the mixture can sometimes drip a little.

Title: Quick Asian Lettuce Wraps
Ingredients: 4 cups water, 2 cups uncooked white rice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound ground pork, 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced, ½ teaspoon minced garlic, 1 (14 ounce) package firm tofu, drained and cubed, 2  carrots, shredded, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, ¼ teaspoon hot chile paste, 1 head iceberg lettuce leaves, separated
Instructions: In a saucepan combine the water and rice. Bring to a boil, cover, and reduce heat to a simmer. Simmer for 20 minutes, until water is absorbed. Set aside and keep warm. Heat oil in a wok over medium-high heat. Cook the pork, green onions, and garlic for 5 to 7 minutes, or until lightly brown. Add the tofu, carrot, Hoisin, and soy sauce, stirring frequently until heated through. Remove from heat, and stir in the sesame oil and chile paste. To serve: spoon a small amount of rice into each lettuce leaf, top with the stir-fry mixture, and drizzle with additional soy sauce or hoisin, if desired. Wrap the lettuce leaf to enclose the filling. Allrecipes Magazine Optional additional stir fry ingredients: These may be used in place of or in addition to the tofu: chopped peanuts, peppers, shrimp, rice noodles, diced chicken, scrambled egg or bean sprouts. Editor's Note: Please note the addition of chopped nuts when using the magazine version of this recipe.

Title: Chef John's Chicken Lettuce Wraps
Ingredients: 1 ½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, coarsely chopped, 1 (8 ounce) can water chestnuts, drained and minced, 1 cup diced shiitake mushroom caps, ½ cup minced yellow onion, ⅓ cup chopped green onion, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, ¼ cup chicken stock, ¼ cup rice wine vinegar, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes, ½ teaspoon dry mustard, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 ½ tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste, 1 ½ tablespoons chopped fresh basil, or to taste, 1 ½ tablespoons chopped green onion, or to taste, 16 leaves iceberg lettuce, or as needed
Instructions: Stir chicken, water chestnuts, mushrooms, yellow onion, 1/3 cup green onion, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, ginger, and 2 teaspoons brown sugar together in a bowl. Pat mixture down, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until ready to use. Whisk chicken stock, rice wine vinegar, garlic, ketchup, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, sesame oil, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, red pepper flakes, and dry mustard together in a bowl until glaze is well-mixed. Heat vegetable oil in a heavy nonstick skillet over high heat. Cook and stir chicken mixture in hot oil until chicken no longer looks raw, about 2 minutes. Pour 1/2 of the glaze mixture into chicken mixture; cook and stir over high heat until chicken begins to caramelize and brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low, pour remaining glaze into chicken mixture, and cook until heated through and slightly reduced, about 3 minutes more. Stir in cilantro, basil, and 1 1/2 tablespoons green onion. Transfer chicken mixture to a bowl and serve with lettuce leaves to wrap.

Title: Linguine alla Vongole
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed, 1/4 white onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 3/4 cup dry white wine, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2 (8 ounce) bottles clam juice, 4 (6.5 ounce) cans chopped clams, drained, juice reserved, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, or as needed, 8 ounces linguine pasta, 12 fresh cherrystone or littleneck clams, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, or as needed
Instructions: Pour a thin layer of olive oil into a saucepan over medium-low heat. Add onions and sauté until soft and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and crushed red pepper, and sauté until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Pour in white wine, bay leaves, parsley, oregano, thyme, black pepper, and salt. Increase heat to bring mixture to a simmer; cook until volume is reduced by half. Stir in bottled clam juice, plus clam juice from 3 cans of chopped clams (set chopped clams aside to use later in the recipe). Reduce heat to medium. Combine clam juice from remaining can of chopped clams with cornstarch in a small jar with a tight-fitting lid; place in the refrigerator to use later for thickening sauce. Simmer sauce over medium heat, stirring frequently, until it begins to have the consistency of a sauce, about 20 minutes. While sauce simmers, cook the pasta: bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook linguine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain and set aside to keep warm. While pasta cooks, steam the clams: In a pot with a steamer rack, bring water to a boil. Steam whole clams over medium heat, covered, stirring or shaking the pot occasionally until they open, 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside. Now, pull it all together: add chopped canned clams to sauce; cook just until heated, about 3 minutes. If the sauce is still thin, shake the refrigerated clam juice-cornstarch slurry, and pour in a little at a time; cook and stir until just thick enough–the starch from the linguine will also thicken the sauce a little. Toss linguine in the pan with clam sauce and coat evenly. Divide linguine onto individual plates; divide whole clams on top. Top with Parmesan cheese and fresh parsley.

Title: Shrimp Scampi with Pasta
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) package linguine pasta, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2  shallots, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pinch red pepper flakes (Optional), 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pinch kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, ½ cup dry white wine, 1  lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, ¼ cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil, or to taste
Instructions: Gather ingredients. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil; cook linguine in boiling water until nearly tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain. Melt 2 tablespoons butter with 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir shallots, garlic, and red pepper flakes in the hot butter and oil until shallots are translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Season shrimp with kosher salt and black pepper; add to the skillet and cook until pink, stirring occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove shrimp from skillet and keep warm. Pour white wine and lemon juice into skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in skillet, stir 2 tablespoons olive oil into butter mixture, and bring to a simmer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Toss linguine, shrimp, and parsley in the butter mixture until coated; season with salt and black pepper. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil to serve. Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Linguine with Clam Sauce
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) package linguini pasta, 2 (6.5 ounce) cans minced clams, with juice, ½ cup vegetable oil, ¼ cup butter, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, ¼ tablespoon dried basil, ½ teaspoon minced garlic, ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook linguine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While the pasta is cooking, combine clams with juice, oil, butter, parsley, basil, garlic, and pepper in a large saucepan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook over medium heat until boiling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve warm clam sauce over pasta. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Green No-Bean Hummus
Ingredients: 2 ½ pounds zucchini, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more to taste, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 cloves crushed garlic, 3 tablespoons tahini, ½ lemon, juiced, plus more to taste, 6 leaf basil leaves, sliced, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon cumin, 1 pinch cayenne
Instructions: Trim ends from zucchini and cut into quarters. Trim out seeds if zucchini are really big. Cut into 1 ½-inch pieces and add to a bowl. Toss thoroughly with 2 tablespoons kosher salt and let sit for 15 to 20 minutes, tossing halfway through. Transfer zucchini to a strainer and rinse off salt very thoroughly. Let drain well before transferring to a bowl. Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil. Toss zucchini with 2 tablespoons olive oil, toss, and spread out in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet, making sure zucchini pieces touch each other. Broil on high heat until zucchini start to brown and are lightly charred, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove pan and turn zucchini pieces over. Return and broil until zucchini are tender but not mushy, and nicely browned, 5 to 6 minutes longer. Transfer zucchini to a strainer and let drain until cooled to room temperature, about 45 minutes. Combine drained zucchini, remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, tahini, garlic, lemon juice, basil, ½ teaspoon salt, cumin, black pepper, and cayenne in a blender. Blend until smooth, and taste for seasoning. You can also use an immersion blender. For best flavor, cover and chill the hummus before serving. Chef John

Title: Jamie's Sweet and Easy Corn on the Cob
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 ears corn on the cob, husks and silk removed
Instructions: Fill a large pot about 3/4 full of water and bring to a boil. Stir in sugar and lemon juice until sugar is dissolved. Gently place ears of corn into boiling water, cover the pot, turn off the heat, and let corn cook in the hot water until tender, about 10 minutes. Rae From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of sugar. The actual amount of sugar consumed will vary.

Title: Sarah's Homemade Applesauce
Ingredients: 4  apples - peeled, cored and chopped, ¾ cup water, ¼ cup white sugar, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon
Instructions: Combine apples, water, sugar, and cinnamon in a saucepan; cover and cook over medium heat until apples are soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Allow apple mixture to cool, then mash with a fork or potato masher until it is the consistency you like. Photo by cookin'mama. cookin mama

Title: Jamie's Sweet and Easy Corn on the Cob
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 ears corn on the cob, husks and silk removed
Instructions: Fill a large pot about 3/4 full of water and bring to a boil. Stir in sugar and lemon juice until sugar is dissolved. Gently place ears of corn into boiling water, cover the pot, turn off the heat, and let corn cook in the hot water until tender, about 10 minutes. Rae From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of sugar. The actual amount of sugar consumed will vary.

Title: Sarah's Homemade Applesauce
Ingredients: 4  apples - peeled, cored and chopped, ¾ cup water, ¼ cup white sugar, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon
Instructions: Combine apples, water, sugar, and cinnamon in a saucepan; cover and cook over medium heat until apples are soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Allow apple mixture to cool, then mash with a fork or potato masher until it is the consistency you like. Photo by cookin'mama. cookin mama

Title: Best Spanish Rice
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons chopped onion, 1 ½ cups uncooked white rice, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup picante sauce
Instructions: Heat oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until tender, about 5 minutes. Add rice; cook and stir until rice begins to turn golden brown. Stir in chicken broth and picante sauce. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until liquid has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes. marilynrsood

Title: Air Fryer Sweet Potato Chips
Ingredients: 1 large (8 ounces) sweet potato, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1/4 teaspoon sea salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, cooking spray
Instructions: Slice potato into 1/16-inch-thick rounds using a mandoline. Put potato slices in a large bowl of cold water; soak about 20 minutes. Drain and pat dry with paper towels. Wipe out bowl. Return potato slices to dried bowl. Add oil, salt, and pepper; toss gently to coat. Preheat air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly coat air fryer basket with cooking spray. Working in batches if needed, arrange potato slices in an even layer in basket (do not overcrowd). Cook until lightly golden and crispy, 12 to 16 minutes, turning and rearranging chips into an even layer every 4 minutes. Watch closely during the last 2 to 3 minutes of cooking. Check chips about every 30 seconds, using tongs to remove golden chips from the basket as needed to avoid overcooking and ending up with bitter chips. Let chips cool about 5 minutes. Chips will continue to crisp as they cool.Store in an airtight container up to 3 days.

Title: Jamie's Sweet and Easy Corn on the Cob
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 ears corn on the cob, husks and silk removed
Instructions: Fill a large pot about 3/4 full of water and bring to a boil. Stir in sugar and lemon juice until sugar is dissolved. Gently place ears of corn into boiling water, cover the pot, turn off the heat, and let corn cook in the hot water until tender, about 10 minutes. Rae From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of sugar. The actual amount of sugar consumed will vary.

Title: Sarah's Homemade Applesauce
Ingredients: 4  apples - peeled, cored and chopped, ¾ cup water, ¼ cup white sugar, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon
Instructions: Combine apples, water, sugar, and cinnamon in a saucepan; cover and cook over medium heat until apples are soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Allow apple mixture to cool, then mash with a fork or potato masher until it is the consistency you like. Photo by cookin'mama. cookin mama

Title: Miso Soup
Ingredients: 4 cups water, 2 teaspoons dashi granules, 3 tablespoons miso paste, 1 (8 ounce) package silken tofu, diced, 2  green onions, sliced diagonally into 1/2 inch pieces
Instructions: Combine water and dashi granules in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and whisk in miso paste. Stir in tofu. Separate the layers of green onions, and add them to the soup. Simmer gently for 2 to 3 minutes before serving. Melissa Goff Recipe Tips Dashi is a basic stock used in Japanese cooking which is made by boiling dried kelp (seaweed) and dried bonito (fish). Instant dashi granules are sold in conveniently sized jars or packets and vary in strength. Learn how to cook rice to serve alongside miso soup!

Title: The Best Vegetarian Chili in the World
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, ½ medium onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2  bay leaves, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2  green bell peppers, chopped, 2  jalapeno peppers, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 (4 ounce) cans chopped green chile peppers, drained, 2 (12 ounce) packages vegetarian burger crumbles, 3 (28 ounce) cans whole peeled tomatoes, crushed, ¼ cup chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, drained, 1 (15 ounce) can garbanzo beans, drained, 1 (15 ounce) can black beans, 1 (15 ounce) can whole kernel corn
Instructions: Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Stir in onion and season with oregano, salt, cumin, and bay leaves. Cook and stir until onion is tender; stir in celery, green bell peppers, jalapeños, and garlic. Add green chile peppers and cook until heated through. Stir in vegetarian burger crumbles; reduce heat to low, cover pot, and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes; season with chili powder and black pepper. Stir in kidney beans, garbanzo beans, and black beans. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 45 minutes. Stir in the corn, and continue cooking for 5 minutes before serving. Natasha Forest Brown

Title: Grilled Asparagus
Ingredients: 1 pound fresh asparagus spears, trimmed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Lightly coat the asparagus spears with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook asparagus on the preheated grill, turning often until lightly charred and fork-tender about 3 to 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Jamie's Sweet and Easy Corn on the Cob
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 ears corn on the cob, husks and silk removed
Instructions: Fill a large pot about 3/4 full of water and bring to a boil. Stir in sugar and lemon juice until sugar is dissolved. Gently place ears of corn into boiling water, cover the pot, turn off the heat, and let corn cook in the hot water until tender, about 10 minutes. Rae From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of sugar. The actual amount of sugar consumed will vary.

Title: Homemade Chicken Soup
Ingredients: 1 (3 pound) whole chicken, 4  carrots, halved, 4 stalks celery, halved, 1 large onion, halved, water to cover, salt and pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place chicken, carrots, celery, and onion in a large soup pot; add enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over medium heat; reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until meat falls off of the bone, about 90 minutes. Skim off foam every so often, as needed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove chicken from the pot and let sit until cool enough to handle; chop meat into pieces, and discard skin and bones. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Strain out vegetables, reserving the stock; rinse the soup pot and return the stock to the pot. Chop vegetables into smaller pieces; return chopped chicken and vegetables to the pot. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Warm soup until heated through; season with salt, pepper, and chicken bouillon to taste. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Roasted Pork Loin
Ingredients: 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon dried rosemary, salt and pepper to taste, 2 pounds boneless pork loin roast, ¼ cup olive oil, ½ cup white wine
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Crush garlic with rosemary, salt, and pepper in a mortar and pestle to make a paste. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pierce meat with a sharp knife in several places and press garlic paste into the openings. Rub pork loin with the remaining garlic mixture and olive oil. Set into an oven-safe pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place pork loin into the preheated oven, turning and basting with pan liquids every 30 minutes. Cook until the pork is no longer pink in the center, 90 minutes to 2 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Remove roast to a platter and keep warm. Place pan onto the stove over medium-high heat and pour wine into it. Heat wine and stir to loosen browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Simmer for 3 to 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Slice pork loin and serve with pan juices. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Chinese Spareribs
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sake (or Chinese rice wine), 1 teaspoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, ½ teaspoon grated fresh garlic, ¼ teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder, 1 pound pork spareribs
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix hoisin sauce, ketchup, honey, soy sauce, sake, rice vinegar, lemon juice, ginger, garlic, and five-spice powder together in a shallow glass dish. Place ribs in the dish and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours or up to overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Fill a broiler tray with enough water to cover the bottom. Place the grate or a rack over the tray; arrange ribs on the grate. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook in the preheated oven on the center rack for 40 minutes, turning and brushing with marinade every 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Let marinade cook on for final 10 minutes to make a glaze. Finish under the broiler if desired. Discard any remaining marinade. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of marinade. The actual amount consumed will vary.

Title: Bibimbap (Korean Rice With Mixed Vegetables)
Ingredients: 1  English cucumber, cut into matchsticks, ¼ cup gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste) (Optional), 1 bunch fresh spinach, cut into thin strips, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons olive oil, divided, 2  carrots, cut into matchsticks, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pinch red pepper flakes, 1 pound thinly-sliced beef top round steak, 4 large eggs, 4 cups cooked white rice, 4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, divided, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, 2 teaspoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste), divided (Optional)
Instructions: Stir together cucumber pieces and gochujang paste in a bowl; set aside. Bring about 2 cups water to a boil in a large nonstick skillet and stir in spinach; cook until bright green and wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drain spinach and squeeze out as much moisture as possible; set spinach aside in a bowl and stir in soy sauce. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet; cook and stir carrots until softened, about 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in garlic and cook just until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in cucumber mixture; sprinkle with red pepper flakes. Set carrot mixture aside in a bowl. Brown beef in a clean nonstick skillet over medium heat, about 5 minutes per side; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil in another nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Fry eggs just on one side until yolks are runny, but whites are firm, 2 to 4 minutes. Divide cooked rice into 4 large serving bowls; top with spinach mixture, a few pieces of beef, and cucumber mixture. Place 1 egg atop each serving. Drizzle each bowl with 1 teaspoon sesame oil, a sprinkle of sesame seeds, and a small amount of gochujang paste if desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Fortune Cookies
Ingredients: cooking spray, 1 large egg white, ⅛ teaspoon vanilla extract, ¼ cup unbleached all-purpose flour, ¼ cup white sugar, 1 pinch salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Generously grease two cookie sheets with cooking spray. Write fortunes on strips of paper about 4 inches long and 1/2 inch wide. Mix egg white and vanilla together in a bowl until foamy but not stiff. Sift in flour, sugar, and salt; stir until blended. Drop two spoonfuls of batter at least 4 inches apart onto one prepared cookie sheet. Tilt the sheet to spread batter into 3-inch-diameter circles. Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are pale in the center and golden on the outer 1/2-inch edge, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven. Quickly lift one cookie with a wide spatula and place upside down onto a wooden board. Place a fortune on the cookie (close to the middle) and fold cookie in half around the paper. Place the folded edge over the rim of a measuring cup or coffee mug and pull the pointed edges down, one inside the cup and one outside. Place cookie into a muffin tin or egg carton to hold its shape as it cools. Repeat to form and fill the second cookie. While the first batch is baking in Step 5, repeat Step 4 to form two more cookies on the second cookie sheet. When you are shaping the first batch of baked cookies in Step 6, bake the second batch. Repeat until all cookies are baked and shaped. Recipe Tip Don't make more than 2 or 3 cookies at a time. The cookies have to be really hot to shape properly in Step 6. If you make too many at a time, they'll cool before you can shape them.

Title: The Ultimate Pool Sandwich
Ingredients: 1 round bread loaf, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 1/2 pound sliced deli ham, 1/2 pound sliced deli turkey, 6 slices Swiss cheese, 6 slices Cheddar or Colby Jack cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cut a wide circle out of the bread loaf top like you’re making a soup bread bowl. Carefully remove and set aside the loaf top. Hollow out the bread interior, being careful not to break through the sides. The loaf interior can be used to make croutons, so there’s no waste. Melt butter with mustard in the microwave for 15 seconds in a small bowl. Mix well. Brush butter mixture onto the exterior of the bread loaf and top; place loaf and top on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Let cool. Pat lettuce dry and place a layer in the bottom of the hollowed-out loaf. Layer cheese over lettuce. Add a layer of ham and turkey. Repeat until the loaf is full. Top with reserved bread top. Wrap sandwich in plastic wrap and put on a baking sheet. Place another baking sheet on top with something to weigh it down. Place the completed sandwich on the baking sheet in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour or overnight. Keep the sandwich whole or cut it into easy triangular sections.

Title: Asparagus and Eggs
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 8 thin-stemmed asparagus stalks, trimmed, 2 large eggs, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 pinch red pepper flakes (optional)
Instructions: Heat a small skillet over medium-high heat. Add olive oil and garlic; cook and stir until garlic is fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add asparagus and cook until fork-tender, turning asparagus often to ensure even cooking, about 4 minutes. Spread asparagus out and crack 2 eggs over the asparagus. Cover with lid and cook until egg whites are firm and yolk is done to desired consistency, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; sprinkle with red pepper flakes and serve immediately.

Title: Crispy Tater Caesar Salad
Ingredients: 8 ounces frozen crispy chicken cutlets, cooking spray, 2 1/2 cups frozen bite-sized potato nuggets (such as Tater Tots®), 2 ounces Parmesan cheese, freshly grated with a Microplane, divided, plus more for garnish (about 1 cup), 1 cup Caesar dressing, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 1 teaspoon grated fresh garlic, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cups finely chopped Romaine lettuce, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Set 2 shelves near the center of the oven. Spray a baking pan with cooking spray; place frozen chicken filets on the pan. Bake in the preheated oven on the lower-center shelf until hot and crisp, about 20 minutes, turning filets over halfway through heating time. When cool enough to handle, cut filets into bite-sized pieces. Meanwhile, line a large rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper, and add tater tots in an even layer. Bake on upper-center shelf in the preheated oven until tots are soft and slightly baked, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from oven. Spray cooking spray on the bottom of a cup. Smash each tater tot into a flat disk with cup. Return to the oven; bake until golden brown and crispy, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven again, and sprinkle with 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese. Bake again until cheese is melted, about 1 minute. Set aside to cool, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk Caesar dressing, lemon juice, anchovy paste, garlic, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, and salt together in a bowl until smooth. Toss together lettuce, chicken, remaining 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese and remaining 1/4 teaspoon black pepper until well combined. Pour half the dressing into salad mix and toss until evenly coated. Add cooled tater tots and toss until well combined. Transfer to a serving platter, drizzle with white balsamic vinegar, and garnish with more Parmesan cheese. Serve immediately. Dotdash-Meredith-Food-Studios

Title: Creamy Crockpot Macaroni and Cheese
Ingredients: 1 pound uncooked elbow macaroni, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, divided, cooking spray, 1 1/2 cups whole milk, 1 (12 ounce) can evaporated milk, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 1/2 cup butter, cut into pieces, 3 ounces cream cheese, cut into pieces, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 16 ounces sharp Cheddar cheese, shredded, divided
Instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat; add macaroni and 4 1/2 teaspoons salt. Cook pasta until just barely tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process. Spray the inside of a slow cooker with cooking spray. Add pasta to the slow cooker and stir in milk, evaporated milk, butter, cream cheese and pepper. Whisk together egg and egg yolk in a small bowl until well combined; stir into pasta mixture. Set aside 3/4 cup shredded cheese. Stir remaining cheese into pasta mixture, cover, and cook on Low until bubbly and lightly browned around the edges, about 1 1/2 hours. Sprinkle with reserved cheese, cover, and cook until cheese is melted, about 15 minutes more. Serve immediately. Alternatively, turn crockpot to Warm or Off until ready to serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Copycat Chick-fil-A Mac and Cheese
Ingredients: 8 ounces elbow macaroni, or other short pasta (shells or fusilli), 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 1/2 tablespoons flour, 10 ounces evaporated milk, 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, salt to taste, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Italian Cheddar (such as Sartore MontAmoré® Cheddar), divided, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Gruyère cheese, divided, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons fontina, divided, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sharp Cheddar, divided, 2 (0.9 ounce) pieces Brie cheese, rind removed
Instructions: Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in pasta and return to a boil. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 6 to 8 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly spray a 9x9-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Meanwhile, melt butter in a heavy saucepan over medium-low heat. Whisk in flour until mixture is a smooth paste and no lumps remain. Slowly pour in evaporated milk, whisking continuously. Whisk in Worcestershire, Dijon mustard, and salt, and cook until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Add in the 1/4 cup each MontAmoré® Cheddar, Gruyère, fontina, and sharp Cheddar. Remove rind from Brie. Add Brie to the sauce, and stir until all cheese is melted, about 1 minute. Drain pasta and add to the cheese sauce. Pour half of the macaroni and cheese into the prepared baking dish. Toss remaining 2 tablespoons each of MontAmoré® Cheddar, Gruyère, fontina, and sharp Cheddar together in a small bowl; sprinkle half of cheese mixture over pasta. Pour remaining pasta into the dish; sprinkle remaining cheese mixture over the top. Bake, uncovered, in the preheated oven until cheese is golden, about 25 minutes. Cook’s Note The Brie I purchased comes in individual mini containers.

Title: Broccoli Cheddar Mac and Cheese
Ingredients: 4 cups water, 4 teaspoons chicken soup base (such as Better than Bouillon®), 1 1/2 cups evaporated milk, 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream, 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional), 1 pinch salt, 1 pound pasta shells or elbow macaroni, 1 1/2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 3 cups roughly chopped broccoli florets, 3 tablespoons water, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Add 4 cups water and soup base to a large saucepan over medium-high heat; stir to dissolve soup base. Stir in evaporated milk, whipping cream, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, paprika, cayenne, and pinch salt. Add in pasta, cover, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, and cook, stirring frequently, until pasta is tender with a bite, 8 to 11 minutes. Stir in Cheddar cheese and Parmesan cheese; allow to melt into the sauce. Place broccoli and 3 tablespoons water In a microwave-safe container. Cover; steam broccoli on High in the microwave until tender, about 4 minutes. Drain broccoli florets and add to pasta, gently toss to coat, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve immediately.

Title: Macarons
Ingredients: 4  extra large egg whites, 1 ⅔ cups confectioners' sugar, 1 ⅓ cups almond flour, ⅛ teaspoon salt, ¼ cup superfine (castor) sugar, ¼ cup seedless raspberry jam
Instructions: Place egg whites into a metal mixing bowl and refrigerate overnight. The next day, bring egg whites to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 280 degrees F (138 degrees C). Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk confectioners' sugar and almond flour together in a bowl. Beat egg whites with salt in a metal bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until foamy, about 1 minute. Increase speed to high and gradually beat in superfine sugar, about 1 tablespoon at a time, until egg whites are glossy and hold stiff peaks, 3 to 5 more minutes. Gently fold almond flour mixture into whipped egg whites until thoroughly incorporated; spoon meringue into a pastry bag fitted with a 3/8-inch tip. Pipe 1-inch disks of meringue onto the prepared baking sheets, leaving 2 inches of space between macarons. The batter will spread. Lift the baking sheets a few inches above the work surface and hit them lightly on the work surface several times to remove any air bubbles from the macarons; let stand at room temperature until the shiny surfaces become dull and a thin skin forms, about 25 to 30 minutes. Place the baking sheets in the preheated oven and bake until macarons surfaces are completely dry, about 19 to 20 minutes. Let macarons cool completely on the baking sheets before peeling parchment paper off. Spread half of the macaron cookies with any desired filling; top with remaining macarons to make sandwich cookies, and refrigerate at least 2 hours to overnight to let them soften. Recipe Tips Use any flavor jam instead of raspberry, or try chocolate ganache or a flavored buttercream filling. You could try for a lighter meringue using the Italian method, but it's less dependable.

Title: Coconut Macaroons
Ingredients: 5 ½ cups flaked coconut, ⅔ cup all-purpose flour, ¼ teaspoon salt, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line cookie sheets with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Stir together coconut, flour, and salt in a large bowl. Mix in sweetened condensed milk and vanilla using your hands until well blended. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Use a small ice cream scoop to drop coconut mixture onto the prepared cookie sheets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until coconut is toasted, about 12 to 15 minutes . Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Oatmeal Chocolate Coconut Macaroons
Ingredients: 2 cups quick-cooking oats, 1 cup shredded coconut, ¼ cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 cups white sugar, ½ cup butter, ½ cup milk
Instructions: Mix together oats, coconut, and cocoa powder in a large bowl. Bring sugar, butter, and milk to a boil in a saucepan, stirring occasionally; remove immediately from heat and stir into oat mixture until well combined. Drop 15 spoonfuls of dough onto a sheet of waxed paper. Let cool completely at room temperature before serving.

Title: Strawberry Balsamic Pork Chops
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 3 cups sliced fresh strawberries, 1 tablespoon honey, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, several fresh thyme sprigs, plus extra for garnish, 4 (3/4-inch thick) boneless pork loin chops
Instructions: Melt 1 1ablespoon unsalted butter in a large, non-stick skillet over medium heat. Stir in balsamic vinegar and cook until mixture is bubbly and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add sliced strawberries, honey, a pinch of salt, and fresh thyme sprigs, to taste to the skillet. Stir, and cook until strawberries are softened and the liquid has thickened slightly, 5 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Pour into a small bowl, remove thyme sprigs, and set aside. Wipe out the skillet, return to the burner, add the remaining butter, and pour in olive oil. Pat chops dry; season to taste with salt and pepper. When butter stops bubbling, add seasoned chops and cook until browned on each side, 1 to 3 minutes. Add strawberry mixture to the skillet, and turn each chop to coat with the liquid. Stack strawberries on top of each chop. Simmer until an instant read thermometer inserted near the center of chops reads 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), 6 to 10 minutes. Garnish with additional fresh thyme sprigs, if desired, and serve warm.

Title: Crustless Grilled Cheese
Ingredients: 8 slices white sandwich bread, 4 slices Cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons softened butter, or as needed
Instructions: Spread a thin layer of butter onto 1 side of each slice of bread. Using a round cookie cutter that is slightly smaller than the sandwich sealer, press out round slices of cheese. Lay 4 slices of bread on a work surface, buttered side down. Place a cheese round in the center of each slice. Top with remaining 4 bread slices, buttered side up. Center a sandwich sealer over a sandwich, press the sealer down, and hold it in place to seal the edges, 15 to 30 seconds. Pull the crusts away from the sealer; discard. Repeat with remaining sandwiches. Place sandwich discs on a parchment-lined baking sheet and freeze for 2 hours before transferring into a freezer bag. Preheat the air fryer to 380 degrees F (193 degrees C). Cook frozen sandwiches until golden, about 5 minutes. If sandwiches are thawed, cook 3 minutes at 370 degrees F (188 degrees C).

Title: The Ultimate Pool Sandwich
Ingredients: 1 round bread loaf, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 1/2 pound sliced deli ham, 1/2 pound sliced deli turkey, 6 slices Swiss cheese, 6 slices Cheddar or Colby Jack cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cut a wide circle out of the bread loaf top like you’re making a soup bread bowl. Carefully remove and set aside the loaf top. Hollow out the bread interior, being careful not to break through the sides. The loaf interior can be used to make croutons, so there’s no waste. Melt butter with mustard in the microwave for 15 seconds in a small bowl. Mix well. Brush butter mixture onto the exterior of the bread loaf and top; place loaf and top on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Let cool. Pat lettuce dry and place a layer in the bottom of the hollowed-out loaf. Layer cheese over lettuce. Add a layer of ham and turkey. Repeat until the loaf is full. Top with reserved bread top. Wrap sandwich in plastic wrap and put on a baking sheet. Place another baking sheet on top with something to weigh it down. Place the completed sandwich on the baking sheet in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour or overnight. Keep the sandwich whole or cut it into easy triangular sections.

Title: Crustless Grilled Cheese
Ingredients: 8 slices white sandwich bread, 4 slices Cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons softened butter, or as needed
Instructions: Spread a thin layer of butter onto 1 side of each slice of bread. Using a round cookie cutter that is slightly smaller than the sandwich sealer, press out round slices of cheese. Lay 4 slices of bread on a work surface, buttered side down. Place a cheese round in the center of each slice. Top with remaining 4 bread slices, buttered side up. Center a sandwich sealer over a sandwich, press the sealer down, and hold it in place to seal the edges, 15 to 30 seconds. Pull the crusts away from the sealer; discard. Repeat with remaining sandwiches. Place sandwich discs on a parchment-lined baking sheet and freeze for 2 hours before transferring into a freezer bag. Preheat the air fryer to 380 degrees F (193 degrees C). Cook frozen sandwiches until golden, about 5 minutes. If sandwiches are thawed, cook 3 minutes at 370 degrees F (188 degrees C).

Title: Chicken Zoodle Soup in a Jar
Ingredients: 4 teaspoons chicken stock base, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary, 1/2 teaspoon ground sage, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 2/3 cups shredded cooked chicken, 2 1/2 cups spiralized zucchini, 1/2 cup shredded carrot, 1/2 cup thinly sliced celery, 1/3 cup finely chopped sweet onion
Instructions: Stir together chicken stock base, garlic, dried rosemary, ground sage, and black pepper in a small bowl. Divide mixture evenly among 3 microwave-safe pint-size canning jars with lids. Layer evenly with chicken, spiralized zucchini, carrot, celery, and sweet onion. Chill, covered, up to 5 days. To serve, see “Heat and Eat”, below. Season with pepper. Heat and Eat Let jar stand at room temperature 10 minutes or run under warm water 1 minute. Add water (about 1 cup) to ingredients in jar until nearly full. Microwave (without lid) 3 minutes. Carefully screw on lid (jar will be very hot); let stand 5 minutes. Invert jar to combine ingredients. Eat out of jar or transfer to a bowl to serve.

Title: Easy Sausage Manicotti Bake
Ingredients: 7 links cooked Italian chicken sausage, cut in half lengthwise, 8 ounces uncooked manicotti pasta shells, 1 (15 ounce) jar prepared Alfredo sauce, 8 sticks mozzarella string cheese, pulled in half lengthwise, 1 ( 24 ounce) jar prepared marinara sauce, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley for garnish, or to taste (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fill each pasta shell with half of a sausage link and arrange in a lightly greased 9x13-inch baking dish. Pour Alfredo sauce evenly over pasta shells. Place a half of a string cheese on top, between each pasta piece. Top evenly with marinara. Add 2/3 cup water to the marinara jar and shake well. Pour water around the edges of the dish. Top with shredded mozzarella and Parmesan. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until golden around the edges and bubbly all over, about 1 hour, uncovering during the last 25 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with chopped parsley. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Baked Shotgun Shells
Ingredients: 24 manicotti pasta shells (from 2 8-ounce packages), 1/2 lb. ground sirloin, 1 lb. spicy Italian sausage, 1/4 cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 cup shredded Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese, 1 (8-ounce package) garlic and herb cream cheese, softened, 24 slices bacon (not thick cut), 1 ½ cups BBQ sauce, plus more if desired, 2 jalapenos, very thinly sliced (optional)
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add pasta and cook 5 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water. Spread shells out on a paper towel lined baking sheet and allow to drain. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (160 degrees C). Combine ground sirloin, Italian sausage, onion, salt, pepper, garlic powder, cheese, and cream cheese in a bowl. Stir until well combined and spoon mixture into a piping bag or resealable bag and cut off one corner of the bag. Fill each pasta shell evenly with the filling and wrap each filled shell with bacon. Place shells on a lightly greased rack set inside a baking sheet and brush evenly with barbecue sauce. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, flip each shell, and brush again with barbecue sauce. Return to the oven and bake until deep golden brown and the bacon is slightly crispy, 25 to 30 minutes morr. Flip once more and brush with any more BBQ sauce if desired and cook 5 more minutes. Remove from oven, sprinkle with jalapeno slices and let stand 10 minutes before serving.

Title: Manicotti
Ingredients: 5 ½ ounces manicotti pasta, 1 pint part-skim ricotta cheese, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella cheese, ¾ cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 (16 ounce) jar spaghetti sauce
Instructions: Cook manicotti in boiling water until al dente, about 10 to 12 minutes; drain and rinse with cold water. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix ricotta, mozzarella, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, eggs, parsley, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until well combined. Pour 1/2 cup spaghetti sauce into an 11x17-inch baking dish. Stuff each manicotti shell with 3 tablespoons cheese mixture, and arrange over sauce. Pour remaining sauce over the top of the shells and sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly, about 45 minutes.

Title: Louisiana Crawfish Étouffée
Ingredients: 3 cups long grain white rice, 7 cups water, divided, ¾ cup butter, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons canned tomato sauce, 1 pound crawfish tails, 6  green onions, chopped, salt and pepper to taste, 1 ½ tablespoons Cajun seasoning, or to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine rice and 6 cups water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, cover the pan, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While rice cooks, melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring, until transparent. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in flour until blended. Gradually stir in tomato sauce and remaining 1 cup water. Add crawfish tails and bring to a simmer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in green onions and season with salt, pepper, and Cajun seasoning. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to low and simmer until crawfish is cooked through but not tough, 5 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve étouffée over cooked rice. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Good New Orleans Creole Gumbo
Ingredients: 1 cup all-purpose flour, ¾ cup bacon drippings, 1 cup coarsely chopped celery, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound andouille sausage, sliced, 3 quarts water, 6 cubes beef bouillon, 1 tablespoon white sugar, salt to taste, 2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®), or to taste, ½ teaspoon Cajun seasoning blend (such as Tony Chachere's®), or to taste, 4  bay leaves, ½ teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 1 (14.5 ounce) can stewed tomatoes, 1 (6 ounce) can tomato sauce, 4 teaspoons file powder, divided, 2 tablespoons bacon drippings, 2 (10 ounce) packages frozen cut okra, thawed, 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 1 pound lump crabmeat, 3 pounds uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Make the roux: Whisk together flour and 3/4 cup bacon drippings in a large, heavy saucepan over medium-low heat until smooth. Cook roux, whisking constantly, until it turns a rich mahogany brown color. This can take 20 to 30 minutes; watch heat carefully and whisk constantly or roux will burn. Remove from heat; continue whisking until mixture stops cooking. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Make the gumbo: Place celery, onion, green bell pepper, and garlic into the work bowl of a food processor, and pulse until all vegetables are very finely chopped. Stir vegetables into the roux, and mix in sausage. Bring mixture to a simmer over medium-low heat, and cook until vegetables are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine water and beef bouillon cubes in a large Dutch oven or soup pot and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir until bouillon cubes dissolve, then whisk roux mixture into the boiling water. Reduce heat to a simmer and mix in sugar, salt, hot pepper sauce, Cajun seasoning, bay leaves, thyme, stewed tomatoes, and tomato sauce. Simmer soup over low heat for 1 hour; mix in 2 teaspoons of file gumbo powder at the 45-minute mark. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons bacon drippings in a skillet over medium heat. Add okra and vinegar and cook for 15 minutes; remove okra with a slotted spoon, and stir into the simmering gumbo. Mix in crabmeat, shrimp, and Worcestershire sauce, and simmer until flavors have blended, 45 more minutes. Stir in 2 more teaspoons of file gumbo powder just before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Best Jambalaya
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons peanut oil, divided, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 10 ounces andouille sausage, sliced into rounds, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1 inch pieces, 1  onion, diced, 1 small green bell pepper, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 (16 ounce) can crushed Italian tomatoes, ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon file powder, 1 ¼ cups uncooked white rice, 2 ½ cups chicken broth
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat 1 tablespoon of peanut oil in a large heavy Dutch oven over medium heat. Season the sausage and chicken pieces with Cajun seasoning. Sauté sausage until browned. Remove with slotted spoon, and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add 1 tablespoon peanut oil, and sauté chicken pieces until lightly browned on all sides. Remove with a slotted spoon, and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios In the same pot, saute onion, bell pepper, celery, and garlic until tender. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in crushed tomatoes, and season with red pepper, black pepper, salt, hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and filé powder. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in chicken and sausage. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in the rice and chicken broth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Pamdix

Title: Celery Margarita
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 lime wedge, ice, as needed, 1 1/2 fluid ounces tequila, 1 1/2 fluid ounces celery cordial, 3/4 fluid ounce lime juice, 3 dashes celery bitters (optional), leafy celery stalk, for garnish
Instructions: Mix salt and coriander together on a small plate. Wipe rim of a margarita glass with lime wedge. Dip rim in salt mixture to coat. Fill glass with crushed ice. Fill a cocktail shaker half full with ice. Add tequila, celery cordial, lime juice, and bitters to shaker; cover and shake until outside of shaker is frosted, about 60 seconds. Strain into prepared glass and garnish with celery stalk. From the Editor: Find the recipe for Celery Cordial here.

Title: Strawberry Jalapeno Margarita
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 lime wedge, 2 cups ice, or as needed, 3 large strawberries, sliced, 3 slices fresh jalapeno, 2 fluid ounces silver tequila, 1 fluid ounce triple sec, 1 fluid ounce lime juice, 3/4 ounce simple syrup
Instructions: Sprinkle salt onto a plate. Moisten the rim of a glass with lime wedge. Press the moistened rim into the salt. Fill the glass with ice. Fill a cocktail shaker with jalapeno slices and strawberries, reserving 1 slice of strawberry for garnish. Use a muddler to crush the jalapeno and strawberries to release their juices. Add tequila, triple sec, lime juice and simple syrup to the shaker and add 1 cup of ice. Seal and shake vigorously until outside is frosted, 10 to 15 seconds. Strain margarita into the glass and garnish with remaining strawberry slice, if desired.

Title: Coconut Margarita
Ingredients: 2 fluid ounces silver tequila, 1 1/2 fluid ounces freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 1/4 fluid ounces freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 fluid ounce cream of coconut, 1 fluid ounce coconut milk
Instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add tequila, lime juice, orange juice, cream of coconut, and coconut milk. Shake until tequila mixture is completely chilled and cream of coconut is incorporated, about 30 seconds. Pour into glass. Serve immediately. Cook’s Note Be sure to use cream of coconut and not coconut cream. Cream of coconut is sweeter and normally used for mixed drinks.

Title: Rosemary Mashed Potatoes
Ingredients: 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch chunks, 2/3 cup milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary, 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, salt and freshly ground black pepper
Instructions: Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, 15 to 18 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, heat milk, butter, and rosemary in a small saucepan over low heat until butter is melted. Set aside. Drain potatoes, and return to the pot. Sprinkle Parmesan over the potatoes and start mashing with a potato masher or an electric mixer. Gradually pour in milk mixture while continuing to mash. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Cook’s Note I like to use an electric mixer with this recipe because the potatoes get really fluffy.

Title: Instant Pot Leek Mashed Potatoes
Ingredients: 1 pound potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes, 1  leek, white parts only, quartered lengthwise and finely sliced, ½ teaspoon coarse salt, water to cover, ⅓ cup milk, warmed, 2 tablespoons butter, salt to taste
Instructions: Combine potatoes, leek, and salt in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot). Add water to cover, about 2 cups. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 10 minutes. Allow about 10 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 10 minutes. Carefully release remaining pressure using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Drain potatoes well and return them to the pot. Select Saute function. Toss potatoes until dried and starting to sizzle, about 3 minutes. Add butter; stir until melted. Add milk. Mash potatoes with the back of a wooden spoon for a rustic mash, or run them through a ricer for a smoother mash. Taste and adjust the salt. Cook’s Note I don't use a traditional potato masher in my Instant Pot as I don't want to scratch it. This recipe can easily be doubled - the cooking time does not change.

Title: Loaded Boursin Mashed Potatoes
Ingredients: 1 1/2 pounds unpeeled bite-sized baby gold potatoes, halved, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 strips bacon, 1 (5.2 ounce) package gournay cheese, such as Boursin® Garlic and Fine Herbs Cheese, cut into chunks, 1/4 cup melted unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1/4 cup half-and-half, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley
Instructions: Place potatoes in a large pot, and sprinkle with salt. Fill the pot with cold water, covering potatoes by about an inch. Bring to a boil over medium high heat with the pot partially covered with a lid. Reduce the heat to medium, and simmer until potatoes are fork tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain potatoes and return to pot. Meanwhile, place bacon in a skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 7 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Crumble when cool enough to handle. Break up potatoes with a potato masher or an electric mixer on low speed, add Boursin, butter, Parmesan, and bacon. Continue mashing, gradually adding half-and-half until all ingredients are well combined and you reach your desired consistency, adding more half-and-half if needed. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving dish, garnish with parsley, and serve.

Title: Crustless Grilled Cheese
Ingredients: 8 slices white sandwich bread, 4 slices Cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons softened butter, or as needed
Instructions: Spread a thin layer of butter onto 1 side of each slice of bread. Using a round cookie cutter that is slightly smaller than the sandwich sealer, press out round slices of cheese. Lay 4 slices of bread on a work surface, buttered side down. Place a cheese round in the center of each slice. Top with remaining 4 bread slices, buttered side up. Center a sandwich sealer over a sandwich, press the sealer down, and hold it in place to seal the edges, 15 to 30 seconds. Pull the crusts away from the sealer; discard. Repeat with remaining sandwiches. Place sandwich discs on a parchment-lined baking sheet and freeze for 2 hours before transferring into a freezer bag. Preheat the air fryer to 380 degrees F (193 degrees C). Cook frozen sandwiches until golden, about 5 minutes. If sandwiches are thawed, cook 3 minutes at 370 degrees F (188 degrees C).

Title: Easy Breakfast Egg Muffins
Ingredients: cooking spray, 1  green bell pepper, chopped, 1  red bell pepper, chopped, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 8 large eggs, 2 ¾ ounces fully-cooked bacon pieces (such as Oscar Mayer®), ¼ cup whole milk, 1 pinch garlic powder, or to taste, 1 pinch onion powder, or to taste, salt and ground black pepper to taste, ½ (8 ounce) package shredded mild Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 12-cup muffin tin with cooking spray. Place bell peppers and green onions into a large bowl. Add eggs, bacon, milk, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and pepper. Sprinkle Cheddar cheese into the bowl and whisk until incorporated. Pour mixture equally into the prepared muffin cups. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving. Recipe Tips You can use any shredded cheese you'd like. You can cook and chop fresh bacon instead of using precooked.

Title: Sous Vide Egg Bites
Ingredients: 6 large eggs, ½ cup cottage cheese, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, ½ teaspoon salt, 6 (4-ounce) mason jars, 1  serving cooking spray
Instructions: Fill a large pot with water and place a sous vide immersion cooker into the water. Set temperature to 170 degrees F (77 degrees C) according to manufacturer's directions. Combine eggs, cottage cheese, heavy cream, and salt in a blender; mix until thoroughly blended, 15 to 20 seconds. Spray mason jars with cooking spray. Divide egg mixture between each jar. Screw on the lids until just barely tightened. Do not over-tighten as the jars can burst in the hot water. Submerge mason jars into the water bath and set timer for 55 minutes. When timer is up, remove jars to a cooling rack. If serving immediately, run a knife along the outer edge and invert onto a plate; you can also eat directly from the jar. Let any remaining jars cool, then refrigerate for up to 1 week. Recipe Tips To add cheese flavor, blend 1/2 cup of your favorite shredded cheese in with the egg mixture. You can also add 1 tablespoon of cooked add-ins to the bottom of each jar before pouring in the egg mixture. Some favorite combos include broccoli and Cheddar, ham and Swiss, or roasted red pepper and feta. Reheat in the microwave on low power (30%) for about 1 minute, or in a sous vide bath for 10 to 15 minutes at 150 degrees F (65 degrees C).

Title: Chicken Meatballs
Ingredients: 1/4 cup olive oil, divided, 1/3 cup panko (Japanese-style breadcrumbs), 1/3 cup whole milk, 1/4 cup pre-grated Parmesan cheese, 2 teaspoons italian seasoning, 1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon onion powder, 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground chicken breast, 1 large egg, lightly beaten
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) with a rack in the top third position. Line a large-rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper, and lightly grease with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir together breadcrumbs and milk in a bowl until fully combined. Let stand at room temperature until milk is fully absorbed into breadcrumbs, about 10 minutes. Add Parmesan, Italian seasoning, Worcestershire sauce, salt, onion powder, granulated garlic, and pepper to the breadcrumb mixture, and stir to combine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix together chicken, egg, and 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large bowl until combined. Fold breadcrumb mixture into chicken mixture until just combined. Place chicken mixture in refrigerator, uncovered, and chill until firm, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently shape chicken mixture into 20 (1 1/2-inch balls), and place on the prepared baking sheet leaving a 1-inch space between each meatball. Brush tops and sides of meatballs with remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a meatball registers 165 degrees F (73 degrees C), 15 to 20 minutes, flipping after 8 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Dill Pickle Meatballs
Ingredients: cooking Spray, 1 pound 80/20 ground beef, 3/4 cup fine round buttery cracker crumbs (such as Ritz) (from 20 crackers), 1/3 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for garnish, 4 ounces feta cheese crumbled into small pieces, divided, 1/4 cup drained and finely chopped dill pickles, plus 5 tablespoons . dill pickle juice, divided, 3/4 cup chopped fresh mixed herbs (such as dill, mint, and flat-leaf parsley), divided, plus more for garnish, 1 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1/2 cup plain whole milk yogurt, 2 cups buttered rice, for serving
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Generously spray a large rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add beef, cracker crumbs, onion, egg, garlic powder, black pepper, 1/2 cup feta, chopped dill pickles, 4 tablespoons pickle juice, 1/2 cup herbs, and 1 teaspoon salt to a large bowl; stir gently using a fork or clean hands until just combined, being sure not to overwork meat. Cover and chill in the refrigerator for at least 15 minutes or up to 12 hours. The meatballs are easiest to form when cold. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) with rack in top third position. Roll beef mixture into 24 (about 1 1/4 ounce; 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons) meatballs. Arrange meatballs on the prepared baking sheet evenly spaced apart. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Increase oven temperature to broil, do not remove meatballs from oven. Broil until tops are browned and meatballs are cooked through, about 6 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While meatballs bake, whisk together yogurt, remaining 1 tablespoon pickle juice, remaining 1/4 cup herbs, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt in a small bowl until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide buttered rice among 4 plates. Top evenly with meatballs and remaining 1/2 cup feta cheese. Serve with yogurt sauce and garnish with pepper and herbs. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Harissa Chicken Meatballs
Ingredients: 1 pound ground chicken, 1/3 cup breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons harissa paste, 3/4 teaspoon garlic powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine ground chicken, breadcrumbs, egg, harissa, garlic powder, salt, cumin, paprika, and black pepper in a large bowl. Mix gently with a fork or damp hands just until thoroughly combined. Shape the mixture into approximately 24 meatballs; place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until cooked through and lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Sprinkle with mint. Serve hot with your favorite side dish or dipping sauce.

Title: Easy Meatloaf
Ingredients: 1 ½ pounds ground beef, 1  egg, 1  onion, chopped, 1 cup milk, 1 cup dried bread crumbs, salt and pepper to taste, ⅓ cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons prepared mustard
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Combine ground beef, onion, milk, bread crumbs and egg in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Transfer into prepared loaf pan. Mix ketchup, brown sugar, and mustard together in a small bowl until well combined; pour over meatloaf and spread it evenly over the top. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Best Meatloaf
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon butter, ¼ cup minced onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, 1 ½ teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds extra-lean ground beef, 3 slices bread, toasted and crumbled, 7  buttery round crackers, crushed, 1  egg, lightly beaten, 3 ½ tablespoons sour cream, 1 ½ tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce, divided, ¼ cup milk, or as needed (Optional), 3 tablespoons ketchup
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat, and cook onion and garlic until onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, and season with salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine onion and garlic mixture, beef, crumbled bread, crushed crackers, egg, sour cream, Worcestershire sauce, and 1/2 can tomato sauce in a large bowl. Mix until well combined. Gradually stir in milk, 1 teaspoon at a time, until mixture is moist, but not soggy. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer the mixture to a 5x9-inch loaf pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake uncovered in the preheated oven for 40 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Continue baking 15 minutes, to an internal temperature of 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Mix the remaining tomato sauce and ketchup in a small bowl. Pour over the top of the meatloaf, and continue baking for 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Air Fryer Meatloaf
Ingredients: 1/4 cup bread crumbs, 1/4 cup whole milk, 1 pound ground round (85/15), 1/2 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ketchup, ½ teaspoon apple cider vinegar, ½ teaspoon light brown sugar, ¼ teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, cooking spray
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat an air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the meatloaf: Stir breadcrumbs and milk together in a medium bowl and let sit for 5 minutes. Add beef, onion, egg, thyme, salt, and pepper; stir to combine evenly without overmixing. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, form beef mixture into 2 (3- x 4 1/2-inch) rectangles. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the glaze: Stir ketchup, vinegar, brown sugar, and Worcestershire sauce together in a small bowl and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spray air fryer basket generously with cooking spray or line with parchment paper for easier clean up. Add meatloaves to basket and spray generously with cooking spray. Roast in the preheated air fryer until nicely browned, about 20 to 25 minutes, brushing evenly with ketchup mixture after 18 minutes of cooking. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 155 degrees F (68 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove meatloaf from basket; let rest for 5 minutes. Garnish with thyme leaves and serve. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor This recipe was tested in our test kitchen in November 2023 and updated to make 2 smaller meatloaves, remove sliced mushrooms on top, and include a glaze. Plus, the air fryer temperature was reduced to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).

Title: Mediterranean Pearl Couscous
Ingredients: 2/3 cup Israeli couscous, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 1/2 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium zucchini, quartered and cut into chunks, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped capers, 1 (15 ounce) can diced tomatoes
Instructions: Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil, add couscous, and cook until tender, about 14 minutes. Remove from heat. Reserve 1/4 cup cooking water, drain couscous thoroughly, and return to the pot. Meanwhile, heat a nonstick pan over medium-high heat until hot. Add pine nuts and toast, stirring frequently, until golden brown and fragrant, 1 to 3 minutes. Remove pine nuts from skillet and set aside. Melt butter in the same skillet. Add zucchini; sauté for 3 to 4 minutes. Add garlic and capers. Cook on medium-high, stirring constantly, until fragrant, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Stir in diced tomatoes; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly reduced in volume, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in couscous and toasted pine nuts. If the sauce seems dry, gradually add reserved cooking water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until sauce is desired consistency. Serve immediately.

Title: Mediterranean Turkey Meatball Sheet Pan Dinner
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons minced fresh flat-leaf parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, or to taste, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2/3 cup plain breadcrumbs, 1/3 cup minced shallot, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1/2 lemon, zested, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound ground turkey, Olive oil nonstick cooking spray, 1/2 lemon, juiced, 1/2 red or yellow bell pepper, sliced, 1/2 green bell pepper, sliced, 1/2 small red onion, sliced, 1 zucchini, sliced, 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1/2 cup chopped tomatoes, 2 tablespoons sliced black or Kalamata olives
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with foil or parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine parsley, rosemary, oregano, dill, mint, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine. Set aside 2 tablespoons of herbs to use with vegetables later in the recipe. To the large bowl, add breadcrumbs, shallot, garlic, and lemon zest; stir to combine. Whisk beaten egg with 1 tablespoon olive oil, and stir into the breadcrumb mixture. Add ground turkey. Mix all ingredients well using your hands. If meatballs seem too wet, work in another tablespoon of bread crumbs. Form into 18 (1 1/4-inch) meatballs and place on the prepared pan. Spray meatballs with olive oil spray. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine lemon juice, reserved 2 tablespoons herb mixture, and remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, and toss with red pepper, green pepper, red onion, and zucchini slices. Remove meatballs from the oven; distribute vegetables around the meatballs on the pan. Return the pan to the oven; continue baking until vegetables are tender and meatballs are no longer pink in the center, about 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Sprinkle with crumbled feta cheese, chopped tomatoes, and olives. Serve warm.

Title: Sun-Dried Tomato Pesto
Ingredients: 4 ounces sun-dried tomatoes, ¼ cup chopped pine nuts, 3 tablespoons chopped onion, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, ⅓ cup crushed tomatoes, ¼ cup balsamic vinegar, ¼ cup red wine, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, ½ cup olive oil, ½ cup grated Parmesan cheese, salt to taste
Instructions: Place sun-dried tomatoes in a bowl and cover with warm water for 5 minutes, or until tender. Place sun-dried tomatoes, pine nuts, onion, basil, parsley, and garlic in a food processor or blender; process until well blended. Add crushed tomatoes, vinegar, red wine, and tomato paste; blend to desired consistency. Stir in olive oil and Parmesan cheese; season to taste.

Title: Beef Enchilada Bake
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large bell pepper, any color, diced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 (15 ounce) can chili beans, salt and pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 (15 ounce) can red enchilada sauce, divided, 12 corn tortillas, 12 ounces Mexican blend shredded cheese, cilantro, for garnish (optional), sour cream, for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add olive oil, then add onions. Sauté until onions just start to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add bell pepper; sauté 1 to 2 minutes. Add garlic and sauté until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add ground beef; cook, breaking up beef with a spatula, until browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Drain any grease. Stir in chili beans. Season with salt, black pepper, and cumin. Stir in 1 cup enchilada sauce, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, spread remaining enchilada sauce evenly in the bottom of a 10x8-inch baking dish. Using a sharp knife, carefully cut a straight edge off one side of the tortillas. Place 4 tortillas with the cut edge facing the sides of the dish. Spread half of the beef mixture over tortillas and top with 3 ounces cheese. Add another layer of tortillas, then beef mixture and 3 ounces cheese to create the second layer. Repeat layers ending with remaining cheese. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove foil; bake until cheese is lightly browned, 5 to 10 minutes more. Remove from the oven; allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with sour cream and chopped cilantro if desired.

Title: Strawberry Tres Leches Cake
Ingredients: baking spray, 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1/2 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 pound strawberries, hulled and quartered, plus sliced strawberries for garnish, 1/4 cup granulated sugar, 1 (12-ounce) can evaporated milk, 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream, whipped topping to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly spray a 13- x 9-inch baking dish with baking spray; set aside. Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat eggs, sugar, and vanilla on medium speed until light, fluffy, and almost doubled in volume, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat in half of the flour mixture on low speed until just incorporated. Gradually stream in the milk until combined, followed by the remaining flour mixture. Transfer batter to prepared baking dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in preheated oven until golden brown and a wooden skewer inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool on a wire rack in the pan for 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, for the strawberry milk toss strawberries and sugar in a small bowl until fully coated, let rest at room temperature for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer to a blender and process until smooth, about 30 seconds. Strain puree through a fine mesh sieve into a large bowl, discarding any pulp or seeds. Whisk together 1 cup of the strained strawberry puree (reserving any remaining for a later use), evaporated milk, condensed milk, and heavy cream into a large bowl until fully combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using a wooden skewer or the tines of a fork, poke holes all over the top of the cooled Cake, pour strawberry ,ilk mixture evenly over cake. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to 12 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top with a layer of whipped topping and sliced strawberries before serving.

Title: Black Bean Casserole
Ingredients: nonstick cooking spray, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup chopped white onion, 1 small red bell pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced, seeded jalapeño, 2 (15 ounce) cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 2/3 cup jarred medium picante sauce or chunky salsa (such as Pace), 1/2 cup water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 (15 ounce) can sweet whole kernel corn, drained and rinsed, 1 cup chopped, seeded tomato, 4 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 2 ounces Cheddar cheese, shredded, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced green onions, lime wedges, cilantro leaves, sour cream, salsa, warm corn or flour tortillas, or tortilla chips, for serving
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Coat an 8x8-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, bell pepper, and jalapeño; cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and slightly browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in beans, picante sauce, water, salt, cumin, cayenne pepper, and smoked paprika. Mash beans using the back of a spoon or a potato masher until mixture is slightly thickened. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Simmer, undisturbed, until sauce thickens and bubbles appear all over the surface, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in corn. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer mixture to the prepared baking dish, and sprinkle with tomato, Monterey Jack cheese and Cheddar cheese. Cover with aluminum foil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until casserole is hot and cheeses are melted, 25 to 30 minutes. Sprinkle with green onions. Let cool slightly before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve with lime wedges, cilantro, sour cream, salsa, warm tortillas, or tortilla chips, if desired. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor The nutritional data for this recipe does not includes the serving suggestions.

Title: Mince Pies
Ingredients: 2 medium Granny Smith apples - peeled, cored, and diced, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup golden raisins, ¾ cup dried currants, 4 tablespoons chopped candied orange peel, 1 medium lemon, zested and juiced, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ¼ teaspoon ground cloves, ¼ teaspoon ground allspice, ¼ teaspoon ground mace, ¼ teaspoon ground ginger, 1 (15 ounce) package refrigerated dough for a double-crust pie, defrosted, 1 large egg, beaten
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Combine apples, brown sugar, raisins, golden raisins, currants, orange peel, lemon zest, lemon juice, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, allspice, mace, and ginger in a medium saucepan. Mix together and bring to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn the heat down to the lowest setting on your stovetop. Simmer, stirring frequently to ensure the mixture does not stick to the bottom of the pan, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Remove from the heat and leave to cool while you prepare your pastry. Unroll pie crusts onto a flat surface. Cut into 24 circles using a cookie cutter or the bottom of a mug. Place a circle into the bottom of each cup of a 12-cup cupcake tin. Fill each of the pastry circles with fruit filling. Brush the edges of the pastry with some of the beaten egg and cover with the remaining circles. Brush all of the mince pies with more beaten egg. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 35 to 45 minutes. Cook’s Note You can make your own pie pastry dough instead of using store-bought. If you cannot get currants then use 1/2 cup cherries and 1/4 cup dried blueberries. You can always cut half the pastry into circles and the other half into a different shape or pattern if you would like a different top for your mince pies.

Title: Old-Time Mincemeat Pie
Ingredients: 1 ¼ pounds round steak, cut into small pieces, 1 cup apple cider, 4  Granny Smith apples - peeled, cored and finely diced, 2 ½ cups dried currants, 2 ½ cups raisins, 1 (16 ounce) jar sour cherry preserves, 1 ⅓ cups white sugar, ½ pound chopped candied mixed fruit peel, ½ cup butter, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, ½ teaspoon ground cloves, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 (16 ounce) can pitted sour cherries, drained, 1 (14.1 ounce) package double-crust pie pastry, thawed, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon white sugar, for sprinkling
Instructions: Combine steak and cider in a Dutch oven. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Cover and cook until steak is tender, about 20 minutes. Remove steak to a cutting board; coarsely chop, then return to the pot. Stir in apples, currants, raisins, cherry preserves, 1 1/3 cups sugar, mixed fruit peel, and butter. Add ginger, cloves, nutmeg, cinnamon, and salt. Simmer, uncovered, over low heat until mixture is very thick, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Stir in cherries and remove from heat. Transfer filling to a container and allow to cool at room temperature. Cover tightly and refrigerate for at least 1 week before using. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 9-inch pie dish with 1 pastry crust. Spoon filling into crust and cover with second pastry crust. Crimp edges and cut several slits into top pastry. Brush with cream and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon sugar. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 45 minutes.

Title: Green Tomato Mincemeat
Ingredients: 8 quarts green tomatoes, minced, 8 quarts minced, cored apples, ½ pound beef suet, 6 pounds brown sugar, 1 cup distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons ground cloves, 2 tablespoons ground allspice, 2 pounds raisins, 32 ounces candied mixed citrus peel (Optional), 7 large  orange, peeled, sectioned, and cut into bite-sized pieces, 2  lemons, finely chopped
Instructions: In a very large stock pot, combine green tomatoes, apples, suet (or oil), brown sugar, vinegar, chopped oranges, chopped lemons, raisins, and candied peel. Season with salt, cinnamon, cloves and allspice. Cover, and cook over low heat for 3 hours. Sterilize 30 (1 pint) canning jars and lids according to manufacturer's instructions. Ladle filling into the sterilized jars, leaving 1/2 inch head space. Wipe the jar with a clean, damp cloth. Cover with jars with lids, and screw on jar rings. Heat water in a hot water canner. Place jars in rack, and slowly lower jars into canner. The water should cover the jars completely, and should be hot but not boiling. Bring water to a boil, and process for 10 minutes. Cook’s Note If you don't want to use beef suet, you can replace it with 1 cup of oil.

Title: Minestrone Soup in a Jar
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon vegetable stock base, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon italian seasoning, 1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 1/2 cups cooked ditalini or tiny shell pasta, 1 cup frozen cut green beans, 1/3 cup finely chopped chopped sweet onion, 1/2 cup thinly sliced carrot, 1/2 cup thinly sliced celery, grated Parmesan cheese, for garnish
Instructions: Stir together vegetable stock base, tomato paste, minced garlic, and Italian seasoning in a small bowl. Divide mixture evenly among 3 microwave-safe pint-size canning jars with lids. Layer evenly with kidney beans, ditalini pasta, green beans, onion, carrot, and celery. Chill, covered, up to 5 days. To serve, see “Heat and Eat,” below. Garnish with grated Parmesan. Heat and Eat: Let jar stand at room temperature 10 minutes or run under warm water 1 minute. Add water (about 1 cup) to ingredients in jar until nearly full. Microwave (without lid) 3 minutes. Carefully screw on lid (jar will be very hot); let stand 5 minutes. Invert jar to combine ingredients. Eat out of jar or transfer to a bowl to serve. Allrecipes Magazine

Title: Classic Minestrone Soup
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup diced onion, ¾ cup diced carrot, ¾ cup sliced celery, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 ½ teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, 1 (15 ounce) can Contadina® Tomato Sauce, 1 (15 ounce) can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 2 ½ cups water, 2 cups College Inn® Chicken Broth, 1 cup diced zucchini, ½ cup dry ditalini pasta, ¼ teaspoon black pepper, ¼ cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon shredded Parmesan cheese, or to taste
Instructions: Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Sauté onion, carrot, celery, garlic, and rosemary until vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomato sauce, beans, water, broth, zucchini, pasta, and pepper; bring to a simmer. Cook, uncovered and stirring occasionally, until pasta is tender, 10 minutes. Stir in parsley. Serve topped with Parmesan and additional parsley if desired. Recipe Tip You can use other small pasta instead of ditalini.

Title: Chicken Minestrone Soup
Ingredients: 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, ½ pound skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into bite-sized pieces, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, ½ cup sliced carrot, ½ cup chopped celery, 5 cups chicken stock, 1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes with basil, garlic, and oregano, 1 (15.5 ounce) can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 (15.5 ounce) can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste, 1 small zucchini, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1/2 inch slices, ½ cup frozen cut green beans, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, ½ cup ditalini pasta, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, ⅓ cup grated Parmesan cheese, or more to taste (Optional), 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley
Instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add chicken to pot, and sauté just until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Remove chicken from pot; set aside. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in the pot; add onions and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in garlic; cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add carrots and celery; cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to medium-low; stir in chicken stock, diced tomatoes, cannellini beans, kidney beans, tomato paste, zucchini, green beans, Italian seasoning. Simmer, covered, for 15 minutes. Stir in chicken and ditalini pasta, and cook until pasta is tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. If soup is too thick, add a little water or stock. Garnish each bowl with Parmesan and parsley. Cook's Note: If you prefer, feel free to substitute beef stock for chicken stock.

Title: Thai Basil Mojito
Ingredients: 2 cups ice, or as needed, 1 fluid ounce fresh lime juice, 3/4 fluid ounce simple syrup, 12 fresh Thai basil leaves, 1 1/2 fluid ounces rum, 2 fluid ounces club soda, lime wedge (optional), 1 Thai basil sprig (optional)
Instructions: Fill a collins glass with ice and set aside. In a cocktail shaker, combine lime juice, simple syrup and Thai basil leaves. Use a muddler to crush the leaves for about 10 seconds. Add rum and 1 cup of ice. Seal and shake vigorously until outside is frosted, 10 to 15 seconds. Strain mojito into the glass and top with club soda; gently stir. Garnish with lime wedge and Thai basil sprig, if desired.

Title: The Real Mojito
Ingredients: 10  fresh mint leaves, ½ medium lime, cut into 3 wedges, divided, 2 tablespoons white sugar, or to taste, 1 cup ice cubes, or as needed, 1 ½ fluid ounces white rum, ½ cup club soda, or as needed
Instructions: Place mint leaves and 1 lime wedge into a sturdy glass. Use a muddler and crush to release mint oils and lime juice. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add remaining lime wedges and 2 tablespoons sugar, and muddle again to release the lime juice. Do not strain the mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill the glass almost to the top with ice. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour in rum and fill the glass with club soda. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir, taste, and add more sugar if desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Mojitos by the Pitcher
Ingredients: 1/2 cup white sugar, 36 leaves fresh mint, or to taste, 3 medium limes, quartered, 1 cup rum (such as Bacardi), 1 liter club soda
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Muddle sugar and mint leaves together in a pitcher until leaves are well broken down. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add limes and muddle until limes are juiced. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour rum into sugar mixture; add club soda and stir until sugar is dissolved. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Cinnamon Roll Monkey Bread
Ingredients: ½ cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 (12.4 ounce) package refrigerated cinnamon roll dough with icing, ¼ cup unsalted butter, melted
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Mix sugar and cinnamon together in a bowl. Set icing packet aside. Cut cinnamon rolls into quarters. Dip pieces in melted butter, coat in cinnamon-sugar, and place in the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until dough has risen and top is golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes; drizzle icing over top and let cool in the pan for 5 minutes. Turn the monkey bread out onto a plate and serve warm. Christina

Title: Leftover Turkey Pull-Apart Bread
Ingredients: 1 cup shredded Gruyere cheese, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 1 cup chopped cooked turkey, 1/2 cup chopped cooked breakfast sausage, 1 apple, cored and chopped, 1/2 cup chopped walnuts, 1/4 cup minced celery, 3 tablespoons chopped mixed fresh herbs, such as rosemary, sage, and thyme, 1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 2 (16-ounce) cans refrigerated butter-flavor biscuit dough, rosemary sprigs for garnish (optional), 1 cup cranberry sauce, or to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees F). Spray a nonstick Bundt pan with cooking spray. Stir together Gruyere cheese, Cheddar cheese, turkey, sausage, apple, walnuts, celery, mixed herbs, and parsley in a large bowl. Combine melted butter and poultry seasoning in a small bowl, pour over cheese mixture, and stir gently to combine. Using kitchen shears, cut biscuits into quarters and gently toss into the cheese mixture. Add the biscuit mixture to the prepared pan. Bake in the center of the preheated oven until the top is golden and a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, 45 to 55 minutes. Cool bread in the pan on a rack for about 5 minutes. Turn bread out onto a serving board or platter, and garnish with rosemary sprigs. Place cranberry sauce in a small container and set in the middle of the bread. Provide tongs for bread and a serving spoon for cranberry sauce. Cook's Note: You can substitute Swiss cheese for Gruyere cheese.

Title: Best Monkey Bread
Ingredients: 1 cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 3 (12 ounce) packages refrigerated biscuit dough, ½ cup chopped walnuts (Optional), ½ cup raisins (Optional), ½ cup butter or margarine, 1 cup packed brown sugar
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9- or 10-inch tube or Bundt pan. Mix white sugar and cinnamon in a plastic bag. Cut biscuits into quarters. Shake 6 to 8 biscuit pieces in the sugar-cinnamon mix. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange pieces in the bottom of the prepared pan. Continue until all biscuits are coated and placed in the pan. If using walnuts and raisins, arrange in and among the biscuit pieces as you go along. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter and brown sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat. Boil for 1 minute; pour over biscuits. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 35 minutes. Let bread cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a plate and let everyone pull it apart. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Strawberries and Cream Cupcakes
Ingredients: 2 cups chopped strawberries, 6 tablespoons white sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, or to taste, 1 2/3 cups cake flour, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon baking soda, 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1/4 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons white sugar, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 2/3 cup full-fat sour cream, at room temperature, 1/3 cup 2% milk, at room temperature, 2 ounces full-fat cream cheese, chilled, 1/4 cup powdered sugar, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pinch salt, 1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream
Instructions: Strawberries: Place strawberries and sugar in a small pot over medium-low heat. Bring mixture to a simmer, stirring often, and cook for 5 minutes. Stir cornstarch and water together in a small bowl or measuring cup. Stir cornstarch mixture into the strawberry mixture, and cook until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove pot from heat, and stir in lemon zest and lemon juice. Pour mixture into a heat safe bowl, and place uncovered into the fridge to chill. (Once mixture is chilled and no longer condensing, you can then cover the bowl.) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2 cupcake pans with liners. Cupcakes: Sift together cake flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda, and nutmeg. Beat butter, oil, and 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add in egg whites, vanilla, and almond extract, and beat mixture on medium-high speed for another 3 minutes. Add in half of flour mixture and mix until just combined. Add in sour cream and milk; mix until just combined. Add in remaining flour mixture; mix until just combined. Pour batter into prepared cupcake pans, filling each liner no more than 2/3 full. Bake one pan at a time, until tops of cupcakes spring back when lightly touched, 22 to 26 minutes. Allow cupcakes to cool in the pan for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely, about 30 minutes Chill cupcakes in the refrigerator for about 1 hour. This will make them easier to cut and fill. Cream cheese whipped cream: Beat chilled cream cheese, powdered sugar, vanilla, and salt together until smooth. Add in 1/2 cup cold heavy cream, and mix on low until mixture is smooth. Add in remaining heavy cream; beat on medium-high until mixture holds stiff peaks. If desired, place mixture into a piping bag fitted with an open star tip (such as a Wilton® 1M). Place piping bag in refrigerator until ready to use. Remove cupcakes from refrigerator. Remove the liners and cut tops off cupcakes. Pipe a layer of whipped cream on bottom half of cupcakes; top with about 1 to 2 teaspoons strawberry mixture. Place tops of cupcakes back on, and lightly press down to adhere. Pipe more whipped cream on top of cupcakes and top with another 1 to 2 teaspoons strawberry mixture. Chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes before serving. Cook’s Note You can use all-purpose flour in place of cake flour, if desired. The cupcakes won't turn out as light and fluffy, however. You can also use frozen strawberries in place of fresh. The cupcakes are quite soft, but will be easier to handle when chilled. So keep them chilled as much as you can while working with them. For best results, assemble these the same day you plan to serve them, and keep chilled until ready to serve. However, you can make the cupcakes and strawberry sauce a day or two in advance. I like to place the cupcakes carefully back onto their liners after assembling them--it just makes them a bit easier to pick up and eat

Title: Strawberry Crunch Cake
Ingredients: baking spray with flour, 2 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 3 tablespoons strawberry-flavored gelatin, such as Jell-O (from 1 (3 ounce) package), 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, ½ teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 ½ cups whole buttermilk, 1 ½ cups unsalted butter, softened, ¼ teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 4 cups powdered sugar, sifted, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, or more as needed, 25  golden Oreo cookies, ⅔ cup freeze-dried strawberries, ⅛ teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons melted unsalted butter
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat 2 (8-inch) round cake pans with baking spray with flour and line bottoms with parchment. To make the cake: Whisk flour, gelatin, baking powder, salt, and baking soda together in a bowl. Beat butter at medium speed until creamy, 2 to 3 minutes in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Gradually add sugar, beating until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating on low speed and scraping down sides of bowl as needed, until just combined. Beat in vanilla. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add flour mixture in 3 additions alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour mixture and beating on low speed just until combined after each addition. Divide batter evenly between prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cool in pans on a wire rack for 10 minutes; remove cakes from pans and cool completely on a wire rack, 1 to 1 ½ hours. To make the frosting: Add butter and salt to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed until creamy, about 3 minutes. Beat in vanilla. Gradually add powdered sugar, alternately with cream, beating on low speed until completely incorporated and smooth. Increase mixer speed to medium-high and beat until smooth and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the crumble mixture: Place cookies, strawberries, and salt in a food processor and pulse until slightly chunky (bits of strawberry and cookie should still be visible), about 12 pulses. Drizzle in butter and pulse about 5 times to combine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Trim tops of cakes with a serrated knife if needed to make flat on top. Place 1 cake layer on serving platter; spread evenly with 1 cup frosting. Top with remaining cake layer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread top and sides of cake with the remaining frosting. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle crumble mixture over top and sides of cake, pressing lightly to adhere until completely covered. Chill cake for 1 hour before slicing. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Perfect Cheesecake with Strawberry Topping
Ingredients: 14 graham crackers, 1/4 cup white sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, melted, 4 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened, 1 1/4 cups white sugar, 3/4 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 quarts fresh strawberries, stems removed and halved, divided, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1/2 cup cold water
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Break graham crackers into the bowl of a food processor. Add sugar and pulse until large crumbs form. Add butter and pulse just until combined and mixture resembles slightly wet sand. Lightly grease a 10-inch springform pan; press mixture lightly into the bottom and about 1 inch up the sides of the pan. Bake in the preheated oven until fragrant and slightly golden brown around the edges, about 8 minutes. Let cool. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Bring about 3 quarts of water to a boil. Place cream cheese in the bowl of a stand mixer. Using a paddle attachment, whip cheese on medium speed just until smooth, to avoid incorporating too much air. Add sugar and beat until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add in sour cream, vanilla, lemon juice and salt and blend until just combined. With the mixer on low speed, add eggs, one at a time, mixing until each egg is fully incorporated, then mix until just combined and smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Pour mixture into the prepared crust. Wrap bottom and sides of pan well with heavy duty aluminum foil. Place the pan inside a large deep roasting pan and set pan in the oven. Carefully pour boiling water into the roasting pan around the cheesecake without letting any water inside the foil wrap or the cheesecake. Bake in the preheated oven until the center is very slightly jiggly, about 50 minutes. Carefully remove pans from the oven and allow cheesecake to cool in the water bath for 15 to 20 minutes. After about 10 minutes, just when cheesecake starts to release itself from the sides, run a knife around the sides. Remove wrapped cheesecake from water bath and place on a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour. Unwrap cheesecake and place in refrigerator until fully chilled and ready to serve, at least 4 hours. Place 1/2 of strawberries in a large saucepan and stir in sugar, lemon, vanilla, cornstarch, and water. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring often. Reduce heat to medium high and allow mixture to simmer until berries are softened. Using a potato masher, mash strawberries until slightly chunky; continue to simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat, stir in remaining strawberries, and let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Serve cheesecake slices with strawberry topping. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Blender Chocolate Mousse
Ingredients: 1 cup heavy cream, 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1/4 cup confectioner's sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pinch salt
Instructions: Combine heavy cream, cocoa powder, confectioner's sugar, espresso powder, vanilla extract, and salt in a powerful blender such as a Vitamix. Blend for 30 seconds. Chill at least 1 hour to let flavors meld. Cook’s Note Use a good cocoa powder such as Valrhona®, Ghirardelli® or Guittard® for best flavor.

Title: Chocolate Mousse for Beginners
Ingredients: 3 1/2 ounces dark chocolate (62% cacao is ideal), 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1/4 cup water, 1 tiny pinch salt, 1/2 cup chilled heavy whipping cream
Instructions: Break up or chop chocolate into small pieces and set aside with butter. Add egg yolks, sugar, water, and salt to a metal mixing bowl. Cook, whisking, directly over medium-low heat until the mixture is thick, foamy, and hot to the touch (145 to 150 degrees F (63 to 65 degrees C)). Chef's Note: This mixture can also be cooked in a saucepan, but make sure the whisk is getting into the corners of the pan so egg doesn’t stick. Once the yolk mixture is thick and hot, add chocolate and butter, and whisk until all chocolate is melted. Let rest for a few minutes on the counter, whisking occasionally to further cool the mixture to just above or at room temperature. The chocolate mixture shouldn’t go into the whipped cream while still warm, but if cooled too long, the mixture may get too firm to fold in. Whisk cold cream until medium stiff peaks form. If cream is whisked further, it will separate and the final texture will be grainy. Transfer about 1/3 of chocolate mixture into whipped cream, and fold with a spatula until almost incorporated. Gently fold in remaining chocolate, trying to keep as much air in the mixture as possible. Transfer into 4 serving dishes, wrap, and chill before serving, at least 1 hour. Chef John Chef's Note: You can use 1/4 cup water as specified, or you can use another liquid for part of the water, such as a combination of 2 tablespoons water + 2 tablespoons cold coffee, or 3 tablespoons water + 1 tablespoon rum, if you would like a flavor other than pure chocolate for your mousse.

Title: Raspberry White Chocolate Mousse
Ingredients: 1 (10 ounce) package frozen raspberries, thawed, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 1 ¾ cups heavy whipping cream, divided, 6 ounces white chocolate chips, 1 drop red food coloring
Instructions: Process berries in a blender or food processor until smooth. Strain mixture into a small bowl and discard seeds. Add sugar and liqueur; stir until sugar dissolves. Makes 1 cup raspberry sauce. Warm 1/4 cup cream and white chocolate in a heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly, until chocolate melts; let mixture cool until lukewarm. Stir in 1 tablespoon raspberry sauce and food coloring. Transfer to a large bowl. Beat 1 1/2 cups cream in a chilled glass or metal bowl with an electric mixer until soft peaks form; fold into melted chocolate mixture, 1/3 at a time, until no streaks remain. Layer into parfait dishes and serve with remaining raspberry sauce.

Title: Banana Chocolate Chip Muffins
Ingredients: 1 ¾ cups all-purpose flour, ¾ cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ cup vegetable oil, ½ cup plain yogurt, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup mashed ripe bananas, ¾ cup semisweet chocolate chips
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 12-cup muffin tin or line cups with paper liners. Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Mix oil, yogurt, egg, and vanilla together in a separate bowl until well combined; stir into flour mixture until smooth. Gently fold in mashed bananas and chocolate chips. Spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling each 2/3 full. Bake in the preheated oven until tops spring back when lightly pressed, about 22 to 25 minutes. Cool briefly in the tin, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Cook’s Note I like to adapt this muffin recipe for adults by adding chopped nuts or dried apricots.

Title: Peanut Butter Banana Muffins
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1/3 cup plain smooth peanut butter, 1 cup white sugar, 2 large ripe bananas, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, 2 tablespoons milk, 1/2 cup confectioner's sugar, plus more as needed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper liners, or grease cups. Whisk together flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda; set aside. Beat butter, peanut butter, and sugar together in a bowl with an electric mixer or whisk until light and fluffy. Add bananas and beat again until light and fluffy. Mix in eggs one at a time; stir in milk and vanilla. Add flour mixture; mix on low speed until about 75% of flour is incorporated. Use a spatula to stir in chocolate chips, and to fully incorporate flour. Divide batter evenly between prepared muffin cups. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean, 23 to 25 minutes. Cool muffins in the tin for about 15 minutes; transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, about 15 minutes more. For icing, combine peanut butter, milk, and powdered sugar in a bowl and stir until a thick icing is formed. Add more powdered sugar as needed for an icing thick enough to hold its shape when piped. Add icing to a piping bag and pipe in a zigzag pattern over cooled muffins. John Mitzewich Chef's Note: This recipe calls for peanut butter with no added ingredients. If you are using peanut butter with added sugars, you may want to reduce the sugar amount in the recipe slightly.

Title: Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Muffins
Ingredients: ¾ cup white sugar, ¼ cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, ¾ cup canned pumpkin, ¼ cup water, 1 ½ cups all-purpose flour, ¾ teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon baking soda, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon, ¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ¼ teaspoon ground cloves, ¼ teaspoon salt, ½ cup semisweet chocolate chips
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease and flour muffin pan or use paper liners. Whisk sugar, oil, and eggs together in a medium bowl. Stir in pumpkin and water until well blended. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and salt together in a separate bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add pumpkin mixture into flour mixture and stir just to combine, being careful not to overmix. Gently stir in chocolate chips. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill muffin cups 2/3 full with batter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Cook’s Note You can use up to one cup of chocolate chips if you prefer.

Title: Chef John's Creamy Mushroom Soup
Ingredients: ¼ cup unsalted butter, 2 (16 ounce) packages sliced fresh mushrooms, 1 pinch salt, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 ½ tablespoons all-purpose flour, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, tied in a bundle with kitchen twine, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 4 cups chicken broth, or more to taste, 1 cup water, or more to taste, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1  salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves for garnish, or to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter in a large soup pot over medium-high heat. Sauté mushrooms and 1 pinch salt in the melted butter until mushrooms release their juices, 5 to 10 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low and continue to cook, stirring often, until juices evaporate and mushrooms are caramelized, 15 to 25 minutes. Set aside a few attractive mushroom slices for garnish later, if desired. Add onion to the mushrooms; cook until onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir flour into the mushroom mixture and cook, stirring often, to remove the raw flour taste, about 2 minutes. Add thyme bundle and garlic cloves, then pour in 4 cups chicken broth and 1 cup water. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 hour. Remove and discard thyme bundle. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Purée soup with a blender in batches until smooth and thick. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in cream. If too thick, add a little chicken broth or water. Season with salt and black pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Ladle into bowls, and garnish with reserved mushroom slices and thyme leaves. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Cream of Mushroom Soup
Ingredients: 5 cups sliced fresh mushrooms, 1 ½ cups chicken broth, ½ cup chopped onion, ⅛ teaspoon dried thyme, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, ¼ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup half-and-half, 1 tablespoon sherry
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Simmer mushrooms, broth, onion, and thyme in a large heavy saucepan until vegetables are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Carefully transfer the hot mixture to a blender or food processor. Cover and hold lid down with a potholder; pulse until creamy but still with some chunks of vegetable. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter in the same saucepan. Whisk in flour until smooth. Whisk in salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in half-and-half and mushroom mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring soup to a boil and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened. Stir in sherry. Taste and season with more salt and pepper if needed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Hungarian Mushroom Soup
Ingredients: 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups chopped onions, 1 pound fresh mushrooms, sliced, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons dried dill weed, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, ½ cup sour cream, ¼ cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add onions; cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes. Add mushrooms and sauté for 5 more minutes. Stir in broth, soy sauce, paprika, and dill; reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes. Whisk milk and flour together in a separate bowl; stir into soup until blended. Cover and simmer for 15 more minutes, stirring occasionally. Add sour cream, parsley, lemon juice, salt, and ground black pepper; stir over low heat until warmed through, about 3 to 5 minutes. Serve immediately.

Title: Cheesy Mushroom Puff Pastry Bites
Ingredients: nonstick cooking spray, 1 tablespoon olive oil, ½ medium onion, diced, 8 ounces baby bella mushrooms, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, freshly cracked salt and black pepper to taste, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, 2 ounces Gruyère cheese, shredded, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese, ¼ teaspoon dried thyme
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray cups of two 12-cup mini muffin pans with nonstick cooking spray. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook until the edges of the onion begin to brown and caramelize, about 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and garlic, and cook until mushrooms are soft. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer vegetables to a paper towel-lined plate with a slotted spoon. Roll out puff pastry sheet into a horizontal rectangle on a large, lightly floured cutting board. Use a pizza slicer to cut pastry into 4 rows horizontally and 6 rows vertically so that you have 24 (2 ½-inch) squares. Press each dough square into each mini muffin cup and prick with the tines of a fork. Divide mushroom mixture amongst pastry cups. Top with shredded Gruyère and Parmesan cheeses. Sprinkle with thyme. Bake in the preheated oven until the pastry is puffed up and the corners are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Briefly cool in the pans on a wire rack before transferring the bites to a serving dish. Serve warm. Cook’s Note Substitute fresh thyme leaves instead of dried thyme if you prefer.

Title: Oyster Mushroom Po’Boys
Ingredients: 4 cups vegetable oil for frying, or as needed, 6 ounces oyster mushrooms, large stems removed, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt, divided, plus more to taste, 1/4 cup unsweetened plant milk, 3/4 cup finely ground cornmeal, 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup purchased remoulade sauce, 4 hoagie buns, split and toasted, if desired, 1 large tomato, cut into 8 slices, 1 cup shredded lettuce, lemon wedges, for serving
Instructions: Pour oil to a depth of 1 inch in a large deep, heavy-bottomed skillet or pot (preferably cast-iron) or a deep fryer; heat oil to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). You’ll need about 4 cups oil. Toss together mushrooms, 1 tablespoon oil, lemon juice, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Let stand 15 minutes. Add plant milk; toss to coat. Meanwhile, whisk together cornmeal, flour, Cajun seasoning, black pepper, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt in a shallow dish. Working in batches, dredge mushrooms in cornmeal mixture, shaking off excess. Transfer to a wire rack. Working in batches, fry mushrooms until deep golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. If you like, sprinkle mushrooms with additional salt. Spread remoulade sauce on hoagie buns. Top with tomato, lettuce, and mushrooms. Serve with lemon wedges. Cook's Notes: Vegan-ize: Replace purchased remoulade sauce with a vegan version: Whisk together 1/3 cup vegan mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard; 1 tablespoon ketchup; 1 teaspoon each minced garlic, less-sodium soy sauce, and lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon prepared horseradish; and 1/2 teaspoon paprika, in a small bowl. Makes 1/2 cup. Make it Meaty: Substitute 16 ounces shucked, well-drained oysters for the mushrooms. Soak oysters in 1 cup milk 15 minutes (omitting oil, lemon juice, and salt in Step 2); drain. Increase salt in Step 3 to 1/2 teaspoon. Dredge, fry, and serve as directed. From the Editor: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of breading ingredients. The actual amount of breading consumed will vary. We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Creamy Pasta with Mushrooms and Peas
Ingredients: 8 ounces farfalle pasta, 3 strips bacon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 8 ounces baby bella mushrooms, sliced, 1 small onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 3/4 cup half-and-half, 1 1/2 cups frozen petite peas, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon freshly-squeezed lemon juice, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley for garnish, or as needed
Instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add farfalle and cook until tender with a bite, about 11 minutes, stirring occasionally. Drain pasta, reserving 1/2 cup of pasta water to thin the sauce later if needed. Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add bacon; cook, turning occasionally, until crisp, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer bacon to a paper towel to drain. When cool enough to handle, crumble and set aside. Remove bacon grease from skillet. Heat oil and butter in the skillet over medium heat; add mushrooms and onions. Cook until onions are translucent and the moisture in mushrooms is starting to evaporate, 3 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in garlic, and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Reduce heat to low, stir in half-and-half, peas, and thyme. Bring to a gentle simmer, and cook until peas are heated through and sauce has started to thicken, 3 to 4 minutes. If sauce is too thick, add a little reserved pasta water to thin. Stir in lemon juice and season to taste with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garnish with crumbled bacon and chopped parsley, and serve immediately. Cook’s Note Baby bella is another name for cremini mushrooms.

Title: Loaded Potato Chip Nachos
Ingredients: 1 (1 ounce) packet ranch seasoning, divided, 1 cup sour cream, 10 slices bacon, 12 ounces  wavy, kettle-cooked potato chips (such as Cape Cod Waves®), about 1 1/2 bags, 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a large rimmed baking sheet with parchment and spread chips out in an even layer. Add 1 tablespoon ranch seasoning to sour cream and stir well to combine; set aside. Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels; crumble when cool enough to handle. Toss remaining ranch seasoning with shredded cheeses and sprinkle cheese mixture evenly over all the chips. Top evenly with bacon. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and chips are beginning to brown and crisp around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Top with green onions and hot sauce. Serve with reserved sour cream dipping sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: 20 Layer Air Fryer Nachos
Ingredients: 2 lbs. ground sirloin, 1 cup finely chopped onion, divided, 1 package taco seasoning, 1/2 cup water, 1 1/2 bags (about 20 ounces) tortilla chips, divided, 16 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese, divided, 2 (4-ounces) cans diced green chiles, 1 (15-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed, divided, 1 cup salsa, 1/2 cup sliced pickled jalapenos, plus more for garnish if desired, 1 (2.25-ounce) sliced black olives, drained, 8 ounces sour cream, 1 avocado, peeled and diced, 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1/2 cup cilantro
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Video Studios Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and add ground beef and onion. Cook, while crumbling with a spoon and stirring often until browned. Add taco seasoning and water and cook until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Line the bottom of a deep air fryer basket with parchment paper and allow the parchment to come up the sides. Arrange a layer of chips along the bottom. Top with half of the beef mixture and sprinkle 1/3 of the cheese on top. Spoon green chiles over cheese and top with a second layer of chips. Sprinkle half of the beans evenly over the chips and top with salsa and the second third of the cheese. Arrange the last layer of chips over the cheese and top with remaining beans. Add sliced jalapenos, remaining cheese and olives. Set air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and cook until the cheese is melted and begins to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Using the parchment paper, carefully lift the nachos from the air fryer basket onto a serving platter. Top with sour cream, avocado, tomato, cilantro, and any additional toppings if desired. Serve immediately. Dotdash Meredith Video Studios

Title: Loaded Beef Nachos
Ingredients: 5 teaspoons paprika, 1 1/4 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 1/4 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon oregano leaves, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound ground beef, 1 cup diced onion, 1 cup diced green bell pepper, 1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chiles (such as RO-TEL®), 1 (15 ounce) can Mexican-style corn (optional), 1 (16 ounce) can refried beans, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, or as needed, 4 ounces tortilla chips, or as needed, 1/2 cup sour cream (optional), 1/2 cup salsa (optional), 1/4 cup sliced black olives (optional), 1/4 cup sliced jalapenos (optional), 1/4 cup green onion
Instructions: For taco seasoning, stir paprika, garlic powder, cumin, onion powder, chili powder, oregano, and salt together in a small bowl; set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in onion and green pepper; cook and stir with oil and juices from browned meat until much of the liquid has evaporated, about 2 minutes more. Stir 1/2 can diced tomatoes with chilies and Mexican-style corn into skillet. Season beef mixture to taste with prepared taco seasoning mix. Stir together the remaining 1/2 can diced tomatoes with chilies and refried beans in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on High until heated through, stirring every 30 seconds, 1 to 3 minutes. To assemble nachos, lay half of tortilla chips in a single layer on a microwave-safe plate, then drop teaspoons of refried beans onto chips, followed by meat mixture and shredded cheese. Repeat with remaining chips, beans, meat, and cheese to make a second layer. Microwave on High until cheese is melted and nachos are warm, 2 to 3 minutes. Top with sour cream, salsa, olives, jalapenos, and green onion as desired.

Title: Mini Mushroom and Goat Cheese Tarts
Ingredients: ½ sheet puff pastry, 3 tablespoons butter, ¼ pound mushrooms, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, ½ cup crumbled goat cheese, 4 teaspoons finely chopped fresh parsley
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking tray. Lay puff pastry out on a lightly floured surface and cut into 8 squares. Prick the squares in several places with a fork. Place the puff pastry squares on prepared baking sheet. Bake puff pastry squares for 7 minutes. Remove tray from the oven; flatten squares using the backside of a spatula. Return puff pastry to the oven to bake until golden brown, about 5 more minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and garlic; cook and stir until mushrooms are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat. Top baked puff pastry squares evenly with mushroom mixture; crumble goat cheese over mushrooms and sprinkle with parsley. Serve warm. Cook’s Note If you don't have goat cheese, feta is a rather tasty substitute.

Title: Cheese Fondue
Ingredients: 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour (or cornstarch), ¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ pound shredded Swiss cheese, ½ pound shredded Gruyère cheese, ¼ teaspoon salt, 1 (1 pound) loaf French bread, cut into 1 inch cubes
Instructions: Bring wine to a simmer in a fondue pot over medium-low. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in flour and nutmeg until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add Swiss and Gruyère cheeses, 1/4 pound at a time, mixing after each addition until cheese is melted. Season with salt. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve with cut-up French bread. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Baked Ham and Cheese Sliders
Ingredients: ¾ cup melted butter, 1 ½ tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 ½ teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 ½ tablespoons poppy seeds, 1 tablespoon dried minced onion, 24  mini sandwich rolls, 1 pound thinly sliced cooked deli ham, 1 pound thinly sliced Swiss cheese
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Stuidos Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Mix butter, Dijon mustard, Worcestershire sauce, poppy seeds, and dried onion in a bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Stuidos Separate the tops from the bottoms of the rolls; arrange the bottom pieces in a layer in the prepared baking dish. Layer about 1/2 of the ham onto the rolls; add a layer of Swiss cheese and top with remaining ham slices. Dotdash Meredith Food Stuidos Place the tops of the rolls onto the sandwiches. Pour mustard mixture evenly over the rolls Dotdash Meredith Food Stuidos Bake in the preheated oven until the rolls are lightly browned and the cheese has melted, about 20 minutes. Slice into individual rolls through the ham and cheese layers to serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Stuidos

Title: Chicken and Orzo Bake
Ingredients: 6 skinless boneless chicken thighs (1 1/2 pounds), 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1/2 cup finely chopped onion, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound dry orzo, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 (5 ounce) package baby spinach, 4 ounces Parmesan cheese, shredded, 1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes, chopped (not oil-packed), 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, lemon wedges, for serving
Instructions: Gather all ingredients, and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a 5- to 6-quart Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add half the chicken thighs. Cook until seared and lightly browned, 4 to 5 minutes each side. Transfer browned chicken to a plate. Repeat with remaining chicken. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to medium. Add remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to Dutch oven. Add onions. Cook until tender and lightly browned, stirring occasionally, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in minced garlic, cooking until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add butter to Dutch oven. Once melted, add orzo, quickly stirring until fully coated with butter. Carefully pour in chicken broth. Scrape bottom of Dutch oven with a wooden spoon to loosen any browned bits. Bring to a boil, then remove from heat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake, covered, in the preheated oven until orzo has absorbed most of the liquid, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove Dutch oven from oven. Stir in spinach, Parmesan, dried tomatoes, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Nestle chicken thighs into orzo mixture. Cover, return to the oven, and bake until chicken is no longer pink at the center and an instant-read thermometer inserted near the center reads at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), 10 to 15 minutes. Serve immediately with lemon wedges. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Easy Sausage Manicotti Bake
Ingredients: 7 links cooked Italian chicken sausage, cut in half lengthwise, 8 ounces uncooked manicotti pasta shells, 1 (15 ounce) jar prepared Alfredo sauce, 8 sticks mozzarella string cheese, pulled in half lengthwise, 1 ( 24 ounce) jar prepared marinara sauce, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley for garnish, or to taste (optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fill each pasta shell with half of a sausage link and arrange in a lightly greased 9x13-inch baking dish. Pour Alfredo sauce evenly over pasta shells. Place a half of a string cheese on top, between each pasta piece. Top evenly with marinara. Add 2/3 cup water to the marinara jar and shake well. Pour water around the edges of the dish. Top with shredded mozzarella and Parmesan. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until golden around the edges and bubbly all over, about 1 hour, uncovering during the last 25 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with chopped parsley. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Million Dollar Spaghetti
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package spaghetti, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 (16 ounce) jar spaghetti sauce, ½ cup butter, sliced - divided, 1 (8 ounce) container cottage cheese, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ¼ cup sour cream, 1 (8 ounce) package shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in boiling water until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 8 to 12 minutes. Drain. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While the pasta is cooking, heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer to a bowl and mix in spaghetti sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place 1/2 of the butter slices into the bottom of a 9x13-inch casserole dish. Spread 1/2 of the spaghetti into the dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix cottage cheese, cream cheese, and sour cream together in a bowl; spread mixture over spaghetti. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover with remaining spaghetti and top with remaining slices of butter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour ground beef mixture over spaghetti and spread in an even layer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Spread Cheddar cheese on top and continue baking until cheese has melted and is lightly browned, about 15 minutes more. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Strawberries and Cream Oatmeal
Ingredients: 1 1/2 cups diced strawberries, divided, 1 cup milk, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, or to taste, 1 pinch salt, 1 cup oatmeal, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Place 3/4 cup strawberries, milk, water, brown sugar, and salt in a blender cup and blend until smooth. Place oatmeal and strawberry mixture in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, add remaining strawberries, and simmer until thick, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in vanilla.

Title: Mexican Oatmeal
Ingredients: 1 cup water, 1 Mexican cinnamon stick, 1/2 cup quick-cooking oats, 1/2 cup milk, 1 tablespoon piloncillo, or to taste, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Bring water and cinnamon stick to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add oats and cook for 1 minute. Add milk and cook until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in piloncillo, cinnamon, and vanilla.

Title: Strawberry Peanut Butter Baked Oatmeal
Ingredients: 2 cups whole frozen strawberries, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 1/3 cup natural peanut butter, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1/3 cup pure maple syrup, 1 cup unsweetened almond milk, 2 large eggs, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 1/2 cups rolled oats, 1 tablespoon ground flaxseed meal (optional), 1/2 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray an 8x8-inch square baking pan with nonstick spray. Add frozen strawberries to the prepared pan and drizzle with 1 tablespoon maple syrup. Bake in the preheated oven until strawberries are softened and begin to release their juices, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, combine peanut butter and butter in a large microwave-safe bowl, and microwave on High until butter is melted, about 30 seconds; stir. Add 1/3 cup maple syrup, almond milk, eggs, and vanilla extract; whisk until thoroughly combined. Stir in oats, flaxseed meal, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt until combined. Pour batter evenly over strawberries. Return to the preheated oven and bake until oatmeal is set in the center, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven, and allow to cool for 10 minutes before serving. Serve warm. Cook's Note: You can use honey or agave nectar or any other sweetener you prefer in place of maple syrup.

Title: Brown Butter Oatmeal Sandwich Cookies
Ingredients: 1 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dark corn syrup, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 1/4 cups quick oats, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves, 1/8 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 2 1/2 cups sifted powdered sugar, or as needed
Instructions: Place butter in a light colored saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring often, until butter has browned and begins to smell nutty, 7 to 10 minutes. Measure out 1/2 cup browned butter and pour into a large mixing bowl to cool to room temperature, 15 to 20 minutes. Reserve remaining browned butter (1/4 to 1/3 cup) for the filling. Stir brown sugar and corn syrup into the bowl with cooled brown butter until thoroughly combined; stir in egg and 2 teaspoons vanilla. Add in oats, flour, cinnamon, 3/4 teaspoon salt, nutmeg, baking soda, baking powder, cloves, and allspice and stir until combined. Scoop out 2 tablespoons of dough and carefully roll into a ball. Repeat with remaining dough. Place dough balls into the fridge to chill for about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line two baking sheets with silicone baking mats or parchment paper. Place chilled balls of dough about 3 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets (about 6 dough balls per pan). Bake one pan at a time until cookies begin to turn golden brown on the edges, 10 to 11 minutes. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 10 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely. To make filling, place cream cheese into a large bowl and beat with a mixer until soft and smooth. Beat in reserved 1/4 to 1/3 cup brown butter. Beat in 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon vanilla, then beat in 1 cup powdered sugar. Beat in remaining 1 1/2 cups powdered sugar as needed to make a smooth, spreadable filling. Place filling into a piping bag and snip off the end. Keep filling refrigerated until ready to use. When ready to fill cookies, match up two cookies of somewhat even shape and size. Lay one cookie top-side down and pipe about 1/4 cup filling onto the cookie. Top with matching cookie and press down until filling almost reaches the edges of the cookies. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Store finished cookies in the refrigerator.

Title: 3-Ingredient Banana Oatmeal Cookies
Ingredients: 3/4 cup mashed banana, 1/2 cup rolled oats, 3 tablespoons raisins
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Stir bananas and oats together in a bowl until well combined. Stir in raisins. Using a medium sized cookie scoop, drop dough onto the prepared baking sheet. Using your fingers, gently pat down dough to form a round cookie. Bake in the preheated oven until beginning to brown on the bottom, 14 to 15 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.

Title: 3-Ingredient Peanut Butter Oatmeal Cookies
Ingredients: 1/2 cup peanut butter, 6 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 1/2 cup rolled oats
Instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment. Place peanut butter and maple syrup in a microwave safe bowl. Microwave until peanut butter is melted, about 1 minute. Stir in oats. Using a medium-sized cookie scoop, drop dough onto prepared baking sheet. Using your fingers, gently pat down dough to form a round cookie. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.

Title: Spanish Omelette
Ingredients: ½ cup olive oil, ½ pound potatoes, thinly sliced, salt and pepper to taste, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 4 large eggs, 2 medium tomatoes - peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped (Optional), 2 green onions, chopped (Optional)
Instructions: Heat oil over medium-high heat in a large skillet. Add potatoes and season lightly with salt and pepper; cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, 10 to 14 minutes. Add onions; cook and stir until soft and beginning to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Whisk eggs in a bowl; season with salt and pepper. Pour eggs into the skillet and stir gently to combine with potatoes and onion. Reduce the heat to low and cook until eggs begin to brown on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes. Loosen omelette with a spatula. Invert a large plate over the pan, and carefully flip omelette out onto the plate. Slide omelette, uncooked-side down, back into the pan. Cook until eggs are set, 4 to 5 minutes. Serve warm, garnished with tomato and green onion.

Title: Goat Cheese Omelet
Ingredients: 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon water, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 2 ounces plain goat cheese, crumbled
Instructions: In a bowl, whisk together eggs, water, salt, and pepper until yolks and whites are completely combined and eggs are light and frothy, about 30 seconds. Melt butter in an 8-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Pour eggs into skillet and stir rapidly for 20 to 30 seconds until eggs are just starting to set. Spread top of eggs in an even layer and let cook until just slightly underdone and shiny. If necessary, move extra raw egg around to the edges of the skillet. Lower heat to medium-low to prevent browning, if necessary. Top middle of omelet with goat cheese and about 2 teaspoons of the chives. Fold one side over the cheese in the middle, followed by the other side, so the omelet is folded in thirds. Remove to a plate and sprinkle with remaining chives.

Title: Baby Spinach Omelet
Ingredients: 2  eggs, 1 cup torn baby spinach leaves, 1 ½ tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, ¼ teaspoon onion powder, ⅛ teaspoon ground nutmeg, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat eggs in a bowl, and stir in baby spinach and Parmesan cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Season with onion powder, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spray a small skillet with cooking spray and place over medium heat. Once warm, add in the egg mixture and cook until partially set, about 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Flip with a spatula, and continue cooking, 2 to 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to low and continue cooking, 2 to 3 minutes, or until omelet reaches desired doneness. Serve warm and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Overnight Pineapple-Banana Oatmeal
Ingredients: 2 cups old fashioned rolled oats, 1 1/2 cups unsweetened almond milk, 1 (8-ounce) can crushed pineapple in pineapple juice, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 teaspoon cardamom (optional), 1/8 teaspoon salt, 2 bananas, sliced, 1/4 cup chopped toasted pecans, or to taste
Instructions: Combine oats, almond milk, pineapple and its juice, vanilla, cardamom, and salt in a bowl. Stir well, and spoon out into half-pint jars. Cover jars with lids, and refrigerate overnight. The following morning, stir in bananas, top with pecans, and enjoy. Cook's Note: Granola is a good variation for the pecans, so feel free to substitute. Cardamom is optional, but it does add an interesting flavor.

Title: Easy Overnight Oats
Ingredients: ⅓ cup milk, ¼ cup Greek yogurt, ¼ cup rolled oats, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons chia seeds, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon or more to taste, ¼ cup fresh blueberries
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine milk, yogurt, oats, honey, chia seeds, and cinnamon in a 1/2-pint jar with a lid; cover and shake until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold in blueberries. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor The amount of cinnamon in this recipe has been reduced based on review feedback. The original recipe called for 1 teaspoon.

Title: Berry Overnight Oats
Ingredients: ½ cup Quaker® Oats (Quick or Old Fashioned, uncooked), ½ cup non-fat milk, ½ cup non-fat plain Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon chia seeds (Optional), 1 cup fresh mixed berries and fruit
Instructions: Add Quaker® Oats to your container of choice and pour in milk. Layer Greek yogurt, chia seeds and mixed fruit and berries. Refrigerate overnight and enjoy in the morning!

Title: Pad Thai
Ingredients: 1 (12 ounce) package rice noodles, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, cut into bite-sized pieces, ¼ cup vegetable oil, 4  eggs, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, ⅛ tablespoon crushed red pepper, 2 cups bean sprouts, 3  green onions, chopped, ¼ cup crushed peanuts, 1  lemon, cut into wedges
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Soak rice noodles in cold water until soft, 30 to 50 minutes. Drain and set aside. Meanwhile, heat butter in a wok; add chicken and sauté until browned. Remove chicken and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in the wok over medium-high heat. Crack eggs into hot oil and cook until firm. Stir in chicken and cook for 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add softened noodles, sugar, fish sauce, vinegar, and red pepper; mix well until noodles are tender. Adjust seasonings to taste. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir bean sprouts into wok and cook for 3 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve topped with green onions, crushed peanuts, and a wedge of lemon. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Authentic Pad Thai Noodles
Ingredients: ⅔ cup dried rice vermicelli, ¼ cup peanut oil, ⅔ cup thinly sliced firm tofu, 1  large egg, beaten, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, ¼ cup vegetable broth, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon dried red chili flakes, 3 tablespoons chopped peanuts, 1 pound bean sprouts, divided, 3  green onions, whites cut thinly across and greens sliced into thin lengths - divided, 3 tablespoons chopped peanuts, 2  limes, cut into wedges for garnish
Instructions: Soak rice vermicelli noodles in a bowl filled with hot water until softened, 30 minutes to 1 hour. Drain and set aside. Heat peanut oil over medium heat in a large wok. Cook and stir tofu in the wok, turning the pieces until they are golden on all sides. Remove tofu with a slotted spoon and drain on plate lined with paper towels. Pour all but 1 tablespoon of used oil from the wok into a small bowl; it will be used again in a later step. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in the wok over medium heat until it starts to sizzle. Pour in beaten egg and lightly toss in the hot oil to scramble the egg. Remove egg from the wok and set aside. Pour reserved peanut oil in the small bowl back into the wok. Toss garlic and drained noodles in wok until they are coated with oil. Stir in vegetable broth, lime juice, soy sauce, and sugar. Toss and gently push noodles around the pan to coat with sauce. Gently mix in tofu, scrambled egg, salt, chili flakes, and 3 tablespoons peanuts; toss to mix all ingredients. Mix in bean sprouts and green onions, reserving about 1 tablespoon of each for garnish. Cook and stir until bean sprouts have softened slightly, 1 to 2 minutes. Arrange noodles on a warm serving platter and garnish with 3 tablespoons peanuts and reserved bean sprouts and green onions. Place lime wedges around the edges of the platter.

Title: Spicy Shrimp Pad Thai
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package dried rice noodles, 2 teaspoons peanut oil, 1 small onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 tablespoons sweet chile sauce, 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, ½ teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12  uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2  eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup unsalted dry-roasted peanuts, chopped, ½ pound bean sprouts, ¼ cup shredded carrots (Optional), ½  lime, cut into wedges, ¼ cup chopped green onions, ¼ cup coarsely chopped cilantro
Instructions: Place noodles in a large bowl and cover with hot water. Set aside until noodles are softened, about 15 minutes. Drain and rinse thoroughly. Heat oil in a wok over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and garlic until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Combine rice wine vinegar, ketchup, fish sauce, chile sauce, peanut butter, soy sauce, lime juice, sugar, red pepper flakes, and cayenne pepper together in a bowl. Set aside. Add shrimp to the wok. Cook and stir until pink, about 4 minutes. Add the ketchup mixture and stir. Move all ingredients to one side to clear a small space in the pan. Pour in eggs and cook without stirring until partially set, about 3 minutes. Stir the drained noodles into the shrimp and egg mixture. Add 1/2 cup peanuts, 1/4 cup bean sprouts, and carrots. Cook and stir until noodles are heated through, about 2 minutes. Garnish with the remaining peanuts, bean sprouts, lime wedges, green onions, and cilantro. Cook's Notes: If using pre-cooked shrimp, don't overcook. Extra chile sauce can also be added for those who like it really spicy! Use the garnish ingredients as desired. Some people prefer all the listed ingredients, some people just prefer extra peanuts.

Title: Easy Paella
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon ground paprika, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 2 inch pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 cups uncooked short-grain white rice, 1 pinch saffron threads, 1 large bay leaf, ½ bunch Italian flat leaf parsley, chopped, 1 quart chicken stock, 2 medium lemons, zested, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium Spanish onion, chopped, 1 medium red bell pepper, coarsely chopped, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pound chorizo sausage, casings removed and crumbled
Instructions: Mix olive oil, paprika, oregano, salt, and pepper for marinade in a glass bowl. Begin paella: Add chicken and stir to coat. Cover and refrigerate until needed. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet or paella pan over medium heat. Stir in garlic and pepper flakes, then stir in rice. Cook and stir until rice is coated with oil, about 3 minutes. Add saffron threads, bay leaf, parsley, chicken stock, and lemon zest. Stir until well combined and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes. While the rice is cooking, heat olive oil in a separate skillet over medium heat. Stir in marinated chicken and cook for 3 minutes. Add onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add bell pepper and sausage; cook and stir, breaking sausage up with a spatula, for 5 minutes. Add shrimp; cook and stir until shrimp are bright pink on the outside and the meat is opaque, about 2 minutes. Photographer: Jen Causey, Food Stylist: Ruth Blackburn Spread rice mixture onto a serving tray. Top with meat and seafood mixture. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Authentic Paella Valenciana
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, ½ (4 pound) whole chicken, cut into 6 pieces, ½ (2 pound) rabbit, cleaned and cut into pieces, 1 head garlic, cloves separated and peeled, 1 medium tomato, finely chopped, 1 (15.5 ounce) can butter beans, ½ (10 ounce) package frozen green peas, ½ (10 ounce) package frozen green beans, 1 teaspoon mild paprika, or to taste, 6 cups water, or as needed, salt to taste, 1 pinch saffron threads, or to taste, 1 pinch dried thyme, or to taste, 1 pinch dried rosemary, or to taste, 3 cups short-grain white rice, or as needed
Instructions: Heat a paella pan over medium-high heat, and coat with olive oil. Add chicken, rabbit, and garlic; cook and stir until nicely browned. Move the browned meat to the sides of the pan, and add tomato, butter beans, peas, and green beans. Season with paprika, and mix well. Fill the paella pan almost to the top with water, measuring the water as you add it so you can determine the amount of rice to add later. Bring to a boil. Simmer for about 1 hour to make a nice broth. Season with a generous amount of salt, just enough saffron for a yellow color, thyme, and rosemary. Stir in half as much rice as the amount of water added to the pan. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until all of the liquid has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Cook’s Note Rabbit can be very hard to find, so you can use a whole chicken instead. It also may be easier to use boneless chicken, but then you don't get any fun extras like hearts and livers. If you do use the hearts and livers, don't put them in until later, as they cook very fast. They will, however, add a nice flavor to the rest of the dish. The seasonings are intended to be added to taste to account for personal preferences. Add just enough saffron to make a nice yellow color. Season with thyme and rosemary if desired. The goal is to make a rich-tasting broth that will soak into the rice to make it delicious. Since paella pans come in different sizes, water and rice measurements are also left open for modifications. I like to use bomba, Valencia, or arborio rice.

Title: Quick and Easy Paella
Ingredients: 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, shells reserved, 2 teaspoons olive oil, ½ teaspoon saffron threads, or more to taste, 2 ¼ cups chicken broth, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces chorizo sausage, sliced into thin rounds, ½  yellow onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 ⅓ cups Arborio rice, ½ cup green peas, 1  red bell pepper, cut into thin strips, salt to taste, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or more to taste
Instructions: Cook and stir reserved shrimp shells and 2 teaspoons olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat until shells are pink and fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir saffron into shells; add chicken broth, bring to a simmer, and cook until broth is a rusty brown and fragrant, about 20 minutes. Strain saffron broth through a fine-mesh sieve; measure out 2 cups of broth, pour into a small saucepan, and place over low heat to keep broth hot. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large, oven-proof skillet over medium heat. Cook chorizo slices in hot oil until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Add onion to sausage; cook and stir until soft and slightly translucent, about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Stir garlic into chorizo mixture; cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add rice to skillet and stir to coat rice completely in oil; stir in peas. Pat rice mixture evenly into the bottom of the skillet. Arrange shrimp in a single layer over the top of the rice. Lay pepper strips around and in between shrimp; season with salt, paprika, and cayenne pepper. Increase heat to high. When rice begins to sizzle in the skillet, pour reserved 2 cups hot saffron broth over the shrimp; gently shake the skillet to distribute liquid. Bake rice mixture in the preheated oven until rice is almost tender and still a bit wet, about 20 minutes. Place skillet over medium-high and cook until rice is tender, liquid is absorbed, and rice caramelizes and crusts slightly on the bottom of the skillet, 3 to 5 minutes. Unknown Recipe Tip You can substitute smoked paprika for paprika, chicken broth for saffron broth, and any smoky, spicy sausage for chorizo. You can also cook this in a traditional paella pan if you have one.

Title: Bacon-Wrapped Cherries
Ingredients: 36  maraschino cherries, stemmed, drained and juice reserved, 18 slices bacon slices, halved, 36  toothpicks
Instructions: Set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Wrap each cherry with a bacon half, secure with a toothpick, and arrange on a baking sheet. Drizzle reserved cherry juice over wrapped cherries. Broil in the preheated oven until bacon is crisped to your liking, 3 to 10 minutes. Tips Cooking time may be increased if you want the bacon crisp, but I think that the bacon is better soft. Although I have never tried it, I imagine that this recipe would also be good on a grill with a grate small enough that the cherries don't fall through.

Title: Prosciutto-Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with Crispy Sage
Ingredients: 1 pound pork tenderloin, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 bunch fresh sage, leaves removed and stems discarded, divided, 6 ounces prosciutto, 1 tablespoon olive oil, or more as needed
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly season pork with salt and black pepper. Arrange about 6 sage leaves over tenderloin. Wrap prosciutto around tenderloin and sage, overlapping prosciutto slightly; wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate to allow prosciutto to set on pork tenderloin, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove plastic wrap. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Fry wrapped tenderloin in the hot oil until prosciutto is crispy and lightly browned on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer wrapped tenderloin to a baking dish, reserving oil in the skillet. Bake tenderloin in the preheated oven until pork is cooked through, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Heat reserved oil in the skillet over medium heat; fry remaining sage leaves until crispy, adding more oil as needed, about 5 minutes. Slice tenderloin and serve with crispy sage leaves.

Title: Homemade Spaghetti Sauce with Ground Beef
Ingredients: 1 pound ground beef, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small green bell pepper, diced, 1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes, 1 (16 ounce) can tomato sauce, 1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 1 teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine ground beef, onion, garlic, and green pepper in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook and stir until meat is browned and crumbly and vegetables are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain grease. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, and tomato paste into the pan. Season with oregano, basil, salt, and pepper. Simmer spaghetti sauce for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Chocolate Chip Pancakes
Ingredients: ¾ cup milk, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon baking soda, ¼ teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ½ cup mini chocolate chips, or more to taste, cooking spray
Instructions: To make the buttermilk: Combine milk and vinegar in a bowl and set aside for 5 minutes to sour the milk. Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Whisk egg, butter, and vanilla extract into buttermilk mixture until well combined; add flour mixture and whisk until just combined. Fold in chocolate chips. The pancake batter will be thick. Allow batter to rest for 5 minutes. Heat a large skillet over medium-low heat, and coat with cooking spray. Pour about ¼ cup of batter for each pancake onto the skillet. Cook until bubbles appear on the surface, 2 to 4 minutes. Flip pancake with a spatula, and cook until browned on the other side, 2 to 3 more minutes. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve immediately. Cook’s Note Instead of chocolate chips, you can add sprinkles, blueberries, or caramel chips as well.

Title: Carrot Cake Pancakes
Ingredients: 1 ¼ cups all-purpose flour, 1 ½ teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, ½ teaspoon baking soda, ¼ teaspoon table salt, 1 cup whole buttermilk, ¼ cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ¾ cup finely grated carrot, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for griddle, 3 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons golden raisins, 3 tablespoons toasted chopped pecans or walnuts, 3 tablespoons toasted unsweetened coconut flakes, 1 tablespoon finely chopped candied ginger (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the pancake batter: Whisk flour, baking powder, cinnamon, pumpkin pie spice, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl. Add buttermilk, brown sugar, egg, and vanilla; stir until just combined. Stir in carrots and melted butter until just combined. Set batter aside while you prepare the frosting and topping. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the frosting: Whisk cream cheese, milk, powdered sugar, and vanilla together in a medium bowl until smooth. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To prepare the topping: Stir raisins, pecans, coconut, and ginger together in a small bowl. Set aside. Heat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat; grease with butter. Working in batches, scoop 1/4 cup batter per pancake into the skillet, being sure not to overcrowd it. Cook until bubbles begin to form on surface of pancakes and edges look dry, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip, and cook until fluffy and slightly firm, about 1 minute. Repeat with remaining batter, adding butter and adjusting heat as needed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide pancakes evenly among 4 plates; drizzle evenly with frosting and sprinkle evenly with topping. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: My-Hop Pancakes
Ingredients: 1 ¼ cups buttermilk, ¼ cup vegetable oil, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, ¼ cup white sugar, 1 ¼ cups all-purpose flour, 1 ½ teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 dash salt, 1  egg, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon butter, or as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix buttermilk, vegetable oil, and vanilla in a bowl; stir in sugar. Whisk in flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt, combining the batter with just a few strokes to moisten. Leave the lumps. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk egg and lemon juice together in a separate bowl; gently stir into the batter. Refrigerate the batter for at least 30 minutes, up to 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat a large skillet over medium heat and grease with the butter. Pour 1/3 cup of batter per pancake into the skillet and cook until bubbles appear on the surface, about 2 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Flip with spatula and brown the other side, about 2 more minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Quick and Easy Pancit
Ingredients: 1 (12 ounce) package dried rice noodles, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1  onion, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups diced cooked chicken breast meat, 1 small head cabbage, thinly sliced, 4  carrot, thinly sliced, ¼ cup soy sauce, 2  lemons - cut into wedges, for garnish
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place rice noodles in a large bowl; cover with warm water and let soften for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, heat oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-low heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion is tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in chicken, cabbage, carrots, and soy sauce. Cook until cabbage begins to soften. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Toss in noodles and cook, stirring constantly, until heated through. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer pancit to a serving dish and garnish with lemon wedges. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Authentic Filipino Pancit
Ingredients: 4  boneless chicken thighs, 1 (8 ounce) package dried rice noodles, 2 tablespoons soy-based liquid seasoning (such as Maggi®), or to taste, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, ½ large head cabbage, thinly sliced, 2  carrots, julienned, 1 teaspoon garlic salt
Instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil over high heat. Add chicken thighs and boil until no longer pink in the centers and juices run clear, about 30 minutes. Strain broth into a bowl to reserve. Shred chicken thighs using 2 forks. Place noodles in a large bowl and pour in hot chicken broth, adding hot water to cover if needed. Set aside until noodles are softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Blanch noodles with cold water and drain well. Place into a bowl and add soy seasoning, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and sesame oil. Mix well and set aside. Heat remaining olive oil in a skillet or large wok over medium-high heat. Saute garlic in the hot oil until it begins to brown, about 1 minute. Add onion and cook for 2 minutes. Add chicken, cabbage, and carrots. Stir-fry for 3 to 4 minutes; season with garlic salt. Mix chicken mixture with noodles, add soy seasoning to taste, and serve.

Title: Grandma Nena's Lumpia and Pancit
Ingredients: 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 1 pound boneless pork sirloin, cut into 1/2 inch cubes, ½ head cabbage, shredded, 4  carrots, diced, ½ teaspoon salt, or to taste, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste, 2 pinches monosodium glutamate (MSG) (Optional), ⅛ cup all-purpose flour, ⅛ cup water, 30  spring roll wrappers, 1 quart oil for frying, 1 (8 ounce) package dry pancit (Canton) noodles, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 4 cloves chopped garlic
Instructions: Bring 2 quarts of water of water to a boil in a saucepan. Add chicken, and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, or until done. Reserve chicken stock, and allow chicken to cool. Cut chicken into small cubes. In a large skillet or wok, saute pork until evenly brown. Stir in chicken, cabbage, and carrots. Cook over medium heat until cabbage is tender. Remove from heat, and allow to cool slightly while you separate the wrappers. In small bowl, combine enough flour and water to make a paste about the consistency of glue. Spoon meat mixture into a thin line on each wrapper, and roll up, using a dab of the flour paste to seal the edge. Keep each lumpia thin; if you over fill them, the wrapper will tear. Save about 1/2 to 1/4 of the filling in the pot for the pancit. Heat large skillet with 1/2 to 1 inch of oil. Fry the lumpia one side at a time, until a nice golden brown. Drain, standing each piece upright, in a pot or bowl lined with paper towel. Return the remainder of the filling to the stove, and gently mix in the pancit noodles. Gradually add the chicken stock, and cook until noodles are tender. For the sauce: With a mortar and pestle or back of a spoon, crush the garlic, then mix into the vinegar. Serve in small bowls with spoons. The sauce can be used as a dip, or to spoon into the lumpia. Editor's Note We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Basic Grilled Panini
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon extra-light olive oil, or as needed, 2 slices Italian bread, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 3 slices deli ham, or more to taste, 2 slices Cheddar cheese, 1 slice firm-ripe tomato, 1 thin slice onion, cooking spray
Instructions: Drizzle olive oil on 1 side of each bread slice. Spread 1 tablespoon mayonnaise on other side of each slice. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange layers of ham, Cheddar cheese, tomato, and onion on top. Top with other bread slice, mayonnaise-side down. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat; spray lightly with cooking spray. Place sandwich on grill pan; weigh it down with a heavy pan. Cook until cheese is melted and grill marks appear, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note This basic recipe is easily changed up with prosciutto, salami, or even turkey. This is also great as a veggie sandwich. You can use French bread for Italian, extra-virgin olive oil for extra-light, and spreadable cheese for mayonnaise. I recommend a George Forman grill because it eliminates the need for flipping. If you don't have a grill pan, use a regular cast iron or nonstick skillet.

Title: Chef John's Cuban Sandwich
Ingredients: ¼ cup mayonnaise, ¼ cup mustard, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 1 (8 ounce) loaf Cuban bread, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 6 thin slices  smoked fully-cooked ham, 1 ½ cups cooked pulled pork, heated, 1 large dill pickle, sliced thinly lengthwise, 2 tablespoons butter, or as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix mayonnaise, mustard, and cayenne together in a bowl to make sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Trim off ends of bread. Cut loaf in half and evenly split bread to make tops and bottoms of two sandwiches. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread each half on both sides generously with mayo-mustard sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide sandwich ingredients between the two bottom halves in this order: 2 slices Swiss cheese, 3 slices ham, hot cooked pork, pickle slices, and 2 more slices Swiss cheese. Place tops on sandwiches. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Melt butter in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Place sandwiches in the skillet and press down with a heavy weight, such as another skillet or foil-wrapped bricks. Toast sandwiches until bread is crisp and filling is heated through, 3 or 4 minutes per side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! Chef John Editor's Note To make your own bread, check out Chef John's Cuban Bread recipe.

Title: Matzah
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour for dusting*, 1 cup all-purpose flour*, ⅓ cup water, or more if needed, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, or as needed (Optional), 1 teaspoon olive oil, or as needed (Optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Move an oven rack to the top position. Preheat a heavy baking sheet in the oven. Dust a clean work surface and a rolling pin with 1 teaspoon flour, or as needed. Place 1 cup flour into a mixing bowl; set a timer for 16 minutes (18 minutes maximum). Start the timer; pour water, 1 tablespoon at a time, into flour. Stir with a fork until dough forms a rough ball. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer dough to the prepared work surface; knead rapidly and firmly until smooth, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide dough into 4 equal pieces; cut each piece in half to get 8 pieces. Swiftly roll each piece into a ball. Working from the center, roll out each dough piece into a 5-inch-diameter round, dusting with flour as needed. Continue to gradually roll dough out to a diameter of about 8 inches, increasing each size by about 1 inch, then letting dough rest for a few seconds before rolling again to the finished size. The dough rounds will be very thin. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Use a fork to quickly pierce through each dough round about 25 times, all over, to prevent rising. Flip dough over and pierce each piece again 25 times. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios With at least 5 minutes left on the timer, remove the hot baking sheet from the preheated oven and place dough rounds onto the baking sheet. Bake on the top rack in the preheated oven for 2 minutes; flip matzah over and bake until lightly browned and crisp, about 2 more minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Use a brush to lightly anoint each matzah with olive oil. Season generously with salt. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor *Making matzah breads kosher for Passover requires using special Passover flour that has been guarded from contact with liquids. The cook is allowed no longer than 18 minutes from the point they combine flour and water to when they remove the matzah from the oven to be considered fit for Passover. Of course, non-kosher cooks may bake at a more leisurely pace if desired.

Title: Chicken Liver Pâté
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon butter, 1 clove garlic, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped onion, ¼ pound chicken livers, trimmed and chopped, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, ⅓ (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, hot sauce to taste, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in garlic, onion, and chicken livers. Reduce heat to low, and sauté until chicken livers are tender and no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Place chicken liver mixture in a blender; add dry sherry, cream cheese, hot sauce, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth; transfer to a medium bowl. For best results, cover and chill pâté in the refrigerator for approximately 2 hours before serving.

Title: Potato Kugel
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 10 medium potatoes, peeled and grated, 2 medium onions, peeled and grated, 5 large eggs, ⅓ cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine grated potatoes and onions in a large bowl. Mix in eggs, 1/3 cup of vegetable oil, salt, and pepper until well combined; pour mixture into the prepared dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and crisp on top, 1 ½ to 2 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Spaghetti alla Carbonara
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 pound guanciale (cured pork cheek), diced, 1 (16 ounce) package spaghetti, 3 large eggs, 10 tablespoons grated Pecorino Romano cheese, divided, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat; add guanciale (see Cook's Note). Cook, turning occasionally, until evenly browned and crispy, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and drain on paper towels. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite, about 9 minutes. Drain and return to the pot. Let cool, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk eggs, 1/2 of the Pecorino Romano cheese, and some black pepper in a bowl until smooth and creamy. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour egg mixture over pasta, stirring quickly, until creamy and slightly cooled. Stir in guanciale. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top with remaining Pecorino Romano cheese and more black pepper. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tips You can substitute unsmoked bacon or pancetta for guanciale, bucatini for spaghetti, and Parmesan cheese for Pecorino Romano if desired. Guanciale, dry-cured pork jowl, is available from specialty markets. Use Italian pasta for best results. Ask somebody to hold the pot so you can stir pasta quickly when pouring in egg mixture. Editor's Note: Please note the addition of reserved pasta water when using the magazine version of this recipe.

Title: Spaghetti Carbonara
Ingredients: 1 pound spaghetti, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, or as needed, 8 slices bacon, diced, 1  onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, ¼ cup dry white wine, 4 large eggs, beaten, ½ cup grated Parmesan cheese, salt and black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain, toss spaghetti with 1 tablespoon olive oil, and set aside. Place diced bacon in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon on paper towels, reserving 2 tablespoons bacon fat in the skillet. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to bacon fat in the skillet. Add chopped onion and cook over medium heat until onion is translucent. Add minced garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add wine and cook 1 minute more. Return cooked bacon to the skillet; add cooked spaghetti. Toss to coat and heat through, adding more olive oil if it seems dry or sticks together. Add beaten eggs and cook, tossing constantly with tongs or a large fork, until eggs are barely set. Quickly add 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese and toss again. Season with salt and pepper (remember that bacon and Parmesan are very salty). Serve warm with chopped parsley sprinkled on top and extra Parmesan cheese at the table. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Fettuccine Carbonara
Ingredients: 5 teaspoons olive oil, 4  shallots, diced, 1 pound bacon, cut into strips, 1 large onion, cut into thin strips, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 (16 ounce) package dry fettuccine pasta, ¾ cup shredded Parmesan cheese, ½ cup heavy cream, 3  egg yolks, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Heat olive oil in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat. Sauté shallots until softened. Stir in bacon and onion; cook and stir until bacon is evenly browned. Stir in garlic when bacon is about half done. Remove from heat. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente. Drain pasta, then return it to the pot. Whisk Parmesan, cream, and egg yolks together in a medium bowl. Pour bacon mixture over pasta; stir in cream mixture. Season with salt and pepper.

Title: Pancetta Primavera Rigatoni
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 8 ounces pancetta, diced, 1/4 cup sliced green onions, 8 ounces mezzi rigatoni pasta, 1 cup shelled fresh English peas, 1 cup asparagus, cut into 1/2 inch pieces, 1 cup Italian parsley leaves, 1 cup basil leaves, 1/2 cup packed mint leaves, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, 1/2 lemon, juiced, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1/4 cup water, 1/2 cup grated Pecorino cheese, plus more as needed
Instructions: Pour 2 tablespoons of the olive oil to a large pan, and set heat to medium. Add diced pancetta, and cook, stirring occasionally, until pancetta is browned, and most of the fat has rendered out, 7 to 10 minutes. Turn off heat. Remove some pancetta and reserve to garnish the top if desired. Pour out some of the excess pancetta fat from the pan if desired, but leaving at least 2 or 3 tablespoons. Add green onions, and turn heat to medium-low. Sauté green onions for a few minutes to soften slightly, then turn off heat and reserve until pasta is cooked. While pancetta is cooking, bring a pot of well-salted water to a boil. Add rigatoni, and set a timer for 2 minutes less than recommended cooking time for the pasta, or about 7 minutes for mezzi rigatoni. Stir occasionally. Meanwhile, combine parsley, basil, mint, garlic, lemon juice, and water in the jar of a blender or a cup; blend in the blender or with an immersion blender until smooth. Set aside. When timer rings, stir in asparagus and peas and continue cooking for 2 minutes, or until pasta is done to your liking. Use a strainer to transfer pasta and vegetables into the pan with pancetta. Turn heat to medium-low and pour in herb mixture. Stir until combined. Season with salt, and drizzle in about 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add about 1/4 cup pasta water, and stir over medium-low heat until everything is hot. Turn off heat, and stir in cheese. Taste for seasoning, and serve immediately. Garnish with more cheese, reserved pancetta, and more sliced green onions. John Mitzewich

Title: Gnocchi Primavera
Ingredients: ½ cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 (16 ounce) package potato gnocchi, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1  zucchini, chopped, 12  fresh mushrooms, cleaned and stems trimmed, 12  grape tomatoes, 10  torn fresh basil leaves
Instructions: Spray a nonstick skillet with cooking spray, and place over medium-low heat. Place about 2 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese at a time into the skillet. Cook until cheese melts into a thin circle, begins to bubble, and browns at the edges, about 1 minute. Flip the crisp, and brown the other side for about 30 seconds. Remove the crisp to a plate to cool. Make 3 more cheese crisps the same way. Heat 1 teaspoon of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add pine nuts; cook and stir until lightly toasted and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Remove pine nuts from the skillet and set aside. Cook gnocchi according to the package directions; drain them in a colander set in the sink. Pour 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add zucchini; cook and stir just until seared, about 2 minutes. Remove zucchini from the pan. Reduce heat to medium; add mushrooms and stir until they begin to give up their juices but are still firm, about 5 minutes. Drain the juices. Return zucchini to the pan; add tomatoes, torn basil leaves, toasted pine nuts, drained gnocchi, and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil; cook and stir until heated through. To serve, divide gnocchi among four plates, and serve each plate topped with a Parmesan cheese crisp.

Title: Creamy Penne Pasta Primavera
Ingredients: 2 cups penne pasta, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 pound fresh asparagus, trimmed and cut into 2-inch pieces, 3  carrots, cut into strips, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 clove garlic, minced, or more to taste, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; add penne and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat-high heat; saute asparagus and carrots until tender yet firm to the bite, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and garlic; saute until garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir Parmesan cheese, cream, and black pepper into vegetable mixture until cheese melts and sauce is smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Add pasta to sauce and toss to coat. Recipe Tip This is a great base recipe. Try using green beans instead of asparagus or canned sun-dried tomatoes instead of cherry tomatoes, or add some fresh pesto to the cream sauce to mix up the flavor.

Title: Thai Pasta Salad
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon chili-garlic sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 ½ teaspoons seasoned rice vinegar, ¼ teaspoon white sugar, ½ (16 ounce) package farfalle (bow-tie) pasta, ½ cup frozen peas, thawed, ¼ cup shredded carrots, ¼ cup thinly sliced red bell pepper, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced green onions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons dry-roasted peanuts, ½ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste, 4 wedges lime
Instructions: To make the dressing: Whisk sesame oil, vegetable oil, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, fish sauce, chili-garlic sauce, lime juice, rice vinegar, and sugar together in a small bowl until well combined. Set aside. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta at a boil, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drain pasta, rinse with cold water, and return to the pot. Drizzle dressing over pasta and stir gently to combine. Add peas, carrots, bell pepper, green onions, cilantro, peanuts, and red pepper flakes; stir until well combined. Serve at room temperature with lime wedges, or chill in the refrigerator and serve cold. Cook’s Note You can make this salad with thin noodles or any small pasta instead of farfalle.

Title: Dill Pickle Pasta Salad
Ingredients: 1 pound short pasta, such as mini bowtie pasta, 10 slices bacon, cooked crisp and crumbled, divided, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cups chopped refrigerated dill pickles, plus 1/3 cup pickle brine, divided, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, plus more for garnish, 1 cup 1/4-inch diced sharp Cheddar cheese, 2/3 cup mayonnaise, 2/3 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon onion powder
Instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add 2 tablespoons salt and pasta to water and cook, stirring often, until pasta is al dente, 9 to 10 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water just enough to bring the pasta to lukewarm or room temperature. Drain well. Meanwhile, place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Add pasta to a large bowl. Reserve 1 tablespoon chopped pickles, 1 teaspoon dill, and 1 tablespoon bacon for garnish. Add cheese and remaining pickles, dill, and bacon to the pasta bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together remaining 2 teaspoons salt with pickle brine, mayonnaise, sour cream, black pepper, and onion powder until well combined. Pour mixture over pasta mixture and toss well to coat. Transfer mixture to a serving bowl and top with reserved pickles, dill and bacon. Serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve.

Title: Italian Grinder Pasta Salad
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus 2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1 pound fusilli or rotini pasta, 3 ounces turkey pepperoni, cut in quarters, 6 ounces thick-sliced ham, diced, 6 ounces thick-sliced salami, diced, 8 ounces provolone cheese, provolone, 1/2 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1/2 cup sliced pepperoncini peppers, 1 English cucumber, seeded and diced, 1 pint grape tomatoes, quartered, 1 yellow bell pepper, diced, 1 cup olives, 1 tablespoon salad seasoning, such as McCormick Salad Supreme Seasoning®, 1/4 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons brine from pepperoncini peppers, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, optional, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2/3 cup olive oil, 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add 2 tablespoon salt and pasta to water and cook, stirring often, until pasta is tender with a bite, 9 to 10 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water just enough to bring the pasta to lukewarm or room temperature. Drain well. Add drained pasta to a large bowl and add meats, cheeses and vegetables (through olives) on top. Sprinkle salad seasoning over the bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together remaining salt, vinegar, brine, oregano, red pepper flakes, sugar, pepper, garlic powder, mustard, and olive oil until well combined. Stir in Parmesan cheese. Pour dressing over pasta salad mixture and toss until everything is fully coated. Serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Pasties
Ingredients: 3 ½ cups all-purpose flour, sifted, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, 1 cup shortening, 1 cup cold water, 1 pound boneless round or chuck steak, cut into 1-inch cubes, 2 medium potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 medium carrot, diced (Optional), ½ cup cubed rutabaga, salt and pepper to taste, 6 tablespoons margarine
Instructions: Make the dough: Combine flour and salt in a large bowl. Cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in water until dough comes together. Shape into a ball, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Make the filling: Mix meat, potatoes, onion, carrot, rutabaga, salt, and pepper in a bowl until well combined. Remove dough from the refrigerator and divide into six pieces. Shape pieces into balls, then roll into 6-inch diameter rounds on a lightly floured surface. Spread about 1 cup filling over half of each round and dot with 1 tablespoon margarine. Fold uncovered pastry up and over filling; crimp edges to seal. Prick with a fork and place onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour.

Title: Vegetable Pasties
Ingredients: 3 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup shortening, 1 ¼ cups ice water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1  onion, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, 2  carrots, thinly sliced, 1  turnip, peeled and diced, 2  potatoes, peeled and diced, ½ pound mushrooms, chopped, 2 tablespoons water, 1 cube vegetable bouillon, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, salt and pepper to taste, 1  eggs, beaten
Instructions: In a large bowl, mix together all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, and salt. Cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in water until mixture forms a ball. Divide dough into 8 pieces, and shape into balls. Cover, and set aside. Heat olive oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Saute onion and garlic until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in carrot, turnip, potatoes and mushrooms. Add water, bouillon cube, tarragon, salt and pepper. Cook for 15 minutes. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Roll each pastry ball into a circle, 6 to 8 inches in diameter. Place about 1 cup of filling on one half of each circle. Fold pastry over filling, and pinch edges to seal. Place on baking sheet, and brush with egg. Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes, or until golden brown.

Title: Cornish Finnish Michigan Pasties
Ingredients: 4 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 1 cup shortening, 1 ¼ cups ice water, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 ½ cups thinly sliced potatoes, 2  carrots, shredded, 1  onions, ½ cup diced rutabaga, 1 ½ pounds lean ground beef, ½ pound lean ground pork, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 ½ teaspoons monosodium glutamate (MSG), 1 cube beef bouillon, ½ cup hot water
Instructions: Whisk together flour and salt in a large bowl. Cut shortening. Make a well in the center of the mixture, and quickly stir in ice cold water. Form dough into a ball. Set aside. Dissolve the bouillon cube in the hot water. Combine uncooked vegetables, uncooked meats, salt, pepper, monosodium glutamate, and bouillon. Roll out pastry dough into 6 x 8 inch rectangles. Place about 1 1/2 cups of filling in the center of each rectangle. Bring 6 inch sides together, and seal. Cut a slit in the top of each pasty. Place on dull, not black, baking pans. Bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 45 minutes.

Title: Sour Cream Donuts
Ingredients: 2 ¼ cups bleached cake flour (such as Swans Down®), plus more as needed, 2 teaspoons baking powder, ¾ teaspoon kosher salt, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon, ⅔ cup sour cream, room temperature, ½ cup granulated sugar, 2 large egg yolks, room temperature, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, vegetable oil as needed for frying, 4 ½ cups powdered sugar, ½ cup unsalted butter, melted, 6 tablespoons hot water, 1 ½ teaspoons light corn syrup, ¼ teaspoon kosher salt, ¼ teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Whisk flour, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, and cinnamon together in a bowl until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk sour cream, granulated sugar, egg yolks, melted butter, oil, and vanilla together in a large bowl until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gradually fold flour mixture into sour cream mixture just until combined. (Dough will be quite soft and sticky.) Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover, and chill in the refrigerator until dough is cold and just slightly firmed, about 2 hours. Turn dough out onto a heavily-floured surface and pat or roll to 3/8- to 1/2-inch thickness, flouring hands or rolling pin as needed. Cut dough using a floured 3 ½-inch round cutter. Cut holes in the center of the dough circles using a floured 1 ¼-inch round cutter. Transfer dough rings to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Reroll, and cut dough scraps, repeating process as needed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat 3 inches of oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat until a deep-fry thermometer registers 360 degrees F to 365 degrees F (182 degrees C to 185 degrees C). Fry 1 to 2 donuts at a time until golden brown and cooked through, about 1 to 1 ½ minutes per side, adjusting heat as necessary to maintain oil temperature. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer donuts to a baking sheet lined with paper towels using a spider strainer. Let drain, and cool for 5 minutes (see note). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together powdered sugar, melted butter, hot water, corn syrup, salt, and vanilla in a large bowl for the glaze until smooth and well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place 1 warm donut in the powdered sugar mixture, craggy side up; use a spoon to coat donut completely in the glaze. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove donut from glaze using two forks placed underneath; let excess drip off, and then transfer donut to a wire rack placed over a rimmed baking sheet. Repeat with remaining donuts and glaze. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Let donuts stand until glaze is set before serving, about 25 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook's Note: Cook’s Note For that almost translucent glazed look, coat donuts while still warm after just 5 minutes of cooling. Work in batches as needed, glazing donuts ready to be dipped while frying or cooling the others. Donuts are best enjoyed the same day, but any leftovers can be stored at room temperature in an airtight container for 2 days.

Title: Orange Cinnamon Rolls
Ingredients: ¾ cup warm whole milk (110 degrees F (43 degrees C)), 1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast, 1 large egg, room temperature, 1 large egg yolk, room temperature, ½ cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 ½ teaspoons freshly grated orange zest, ¼ cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 ½ cups all-purpose flour, divided, or more as needed, 1 ½ teaspoons kosher salt, cooking spray, ½ cup unsalted butter, softened, ½ cup light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 ½ teaspoons freshly grated orange zest, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed orange juice, ¼ teaspoon kosher salt
Instructions: Pour warmed milk into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment for the dough. Sprinkle yeast evenly over the surface of the milk. Let stand until foamy, 5 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add egg and egg yolk, butter, honey, orange zest, and orange juice to the yeast mixture. Beat on low until combined, about 45 seconds. Add 2 cups flour; beat on low until a wet dough forms, about 1 minute. Turn off mixer; switch to the dough hook attachment. Add 1 ½ cups flour and salt, beat on medium until dough is soft and elastic, 7 to 10 minutes. If necessary, add an additional ½ cup flour, tablespoon by tablespoon, using as little as possible to achieve a soft dough. The dough should be quite sticky. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gather dough into a ball and transfer to a large greased bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside to rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the filling: Combine butter, brown sugar, cinnamon, and orange zest in a bowl. Mix with a spatula until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Grease a 13x9-inch baking dish; set aside. Punch down the dough and transfer to a well-floured surface. Roll dough into a large 10x18-inch rectangle. Spread the filling over the surface of the dough, leaving a ½ inch border along the top long edge. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll the dough away from you to create a log, and pinch seam to seal. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut dough log into 12 equal rolls (about 1 ½ inches wide). Transfer rolls to prepared baking dish. Loosely cover with plastic wrap, and set aside to rise at room temperature until puffy and almost doubled in size, 30 to 45 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Bake rolls in the preheated oven until golden brown, 22 to 25 minutes. While rolls are baking, prepare the frosting. Combine cream cheese, powdered sugar, orange zest, orange zest, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat at medium-high speed until very smooth and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove rolls from oven and transfer to a wire rack. Let cool 2 minutes, then spread frosting evenly over the rolls. Serve warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Cinnamon Roll Focaccia
Ingredients: 1/4 cup, plus 1 tablespoon canola oil, divided, all-purpose flour, for work surface, 2 (1-pound) fresh prepared pizza dough balls, 1/4 cup, plus 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, divided, plus more for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, divided, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, divided, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Evenly coat a 13- x 9-inch baking pan with 1/4 cup of the oil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios On a lightly floured work surface, using your hands or a rolling pin, press dough balls into about 1-inch thickness. Stir together 2 tablespoons light brown sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon in a small bowl. Sprinkle the top of one dough round evenly with sugar mixture, place second dough round on top, and knead together until combined and one ball of dough is formed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place dough in the prepared pan, cover with plastic wrap, and let rest in a warm place for 3 hours, removing plastic every hour and gently pressing out dough as thin as possible. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Uncover dough, and spread into an even layer pressing into the edges of the pan. Grease your hands and make deep dimples all over the top of the dough with your fingertips. Drizzle evenly with remaining 1 tablespoon oil, and make dimples all over top of the dough with your fingertips again. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until slightly risen and starting to brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, melt 6 tablespoons of the butter in a small saucepan over medium. Remove from heat, add remaining 1/4 cup light brown sugar and remaining 1 teaspoon cinnamon, and stir until combined; drizzle evenly over dough. Return to oven and bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) until well browned and puffed, 8 to 10 more minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, combine cream cheese and remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a bowl and beat on medium speed with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy, about 30 seconds. Gradually add powdered sugar, beating at low speed until blended, about 30 seconds. Stir in milk and vanilla until icing is smooth and creamy. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drizzle icing over hot bread; serve warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Liver Pâté
Ingredients: 1 pound chicken livers, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, ¾ cup butter, softened, ¼ cup chopped onion, 3 tablespoons cooking sherry, ¼ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ⅛ teaspoon ground mace
Instructions: Combine livers and sliced onion in a medium saucepan. Pour in about 3 cups water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer until liver is tender, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from the heat and drain. Discard sliced onion, and remove and discard any hard portions of the livers. Process cooked livers in a food processor until smooth. Add butter, chopped onion, sherry, butter, salt, pepper, and mace; pulse to blend. Form mixture into a mound with lightly greased hands. Place onto a serving platter; cover and chill for 1 hour before serving.

Title: Pate
Ingredients: 8 ounces braunschweiger liver sausage, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon minced onion, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: In a medium bowl, mix braunschweiger liver sausage, cream cheese, onion, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper. Form into a ball shape. Wrap with plastic wrap. Chill in the refrigerator at least 1 hour before serving.

Title: Chef John's Pate de Campagne
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 ¼ pounds boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1-inch cubes, 6 ounces duck leg meat, 4 ounces fatty bacon, chopped, 4 ounces chicken livers, roughly chopped, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 1  shallot, thinly sliced, ⅓ cup chopped Italian parsley, ¼ cup cognac, 5 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, ⅛ teaspoon pink curing salt (such as Instacure™ #1) (Optional), ½ cup heavy whipping cream, ⅓ cup dry bread crumbs, 2  eggs, ½ cup  dried cherries (Optional), ½ cup shelled whole pistachios (Optional), 8 strips bacon, or as needed
Instructions: Combine cloves, nutmeg, ginger, and cayenne pepper in a small bowl to make spice mixture. Place pork shoulder, duck meat, chopped bacon, chicken livers, onion, shallot, parsley, cognac, salt, garlic, pepper, 3/4 teaspoon spice mixture, and pink curing salt in a large bowl. Mix thoroughly until evenly distributed. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate about 2 hours. Whisk cream, bread crumbs, and eggs together in a bowl. Transfer pork mixture to a rimmed baking sheet lined with a silicone mat or parchment. Freeze for 15 to 20 minutes to facilitate grinding the meat. Grind pork mixture into a bowl using the meat-grinder attachment of a stand mixer. Add dried cherries and pistachios. Add the cream mixture; fold gently until just combined. Arrange bacon strips crosswise in a 9x5-inch loaf pan, letting ends hang over the edges of the pan. Trim some strips to fit the ends of the pan. Fill pan to the top with the ground pork mixture; smooth the top. Cover surface with strips of bacon. Fold side bacon piece edges over the top. Cover with a piece of parchment cut to fit the top of the pan; wrap tightly with heavy duty aluminum foil. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Transfer pan to a deep pot or Dutch oven. Pour in hot tap water to reach 1/2 to 2/3 of the way up the side of the pan. Cover. Bake in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 155 degrees F (68 degrees C), 1 3/4 to 2 hours. Transfer pan to a paper-towel lined surface to absorb any moisture. If mixture has risen above the top edge of the pan, press it down with a heavy pan. Remove the aluminum foil, leaving the parchment paper on top. Transfer pan to a paper-towel-lined baking dish. Cut a piece of cardboard to be slightly smaller than the top of the pan. Wrap with aluminum foil and place on the parchment paper. Press down with weights like canned food. Refrigerate at least 8 hours to chill and compress the pate. To unmold the pate, pour very hot water into a large bowl. Dip mold into hot water for 1 to 2 seconds. Turn out onto a paper-towel-lined dish; chill again before slicing. Chef's Notes Coarsely grinding the meat is probably the most crucial step, but if the meat is very cold, the attachment on your stand mixer will do an adequate job. If you don't have one, you can pulse on and off in a food processor, and as long as your meat is partially frozen, this will work. I suggest using bacon that's lightly smoked so as not to overpower the rest of the flavors. You can substitute brandy for the cognac if desired.

Title: Easy Pavlova
Ingredients: 4 large egg whites, 1 ¼ cups white sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 pint heavy cream, 6  kiwi, peeled and sliced
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper; draw a 9-inch circle on the parchment paper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until stiff but not dry. Gradually add sugar, about 1 tablespoon at a time, beating well after each addition. Continue beating until meringue is thick, white, and glossy. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently fold in cornstarch, vanilla extract, and lemon juice. Spoon mixture inside the circle drawn on the parchment paper. Working from the center, spread mixture toward the outside edge and build the edge slightly. This should leave a slight depression in the center. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until meringue is dry and sounds hollow when tapped, about 1 hour. Cool on a wire rack. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat heavy cream in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form; set aside. Remove meringue from the parchment paper and place on a flat serving plate. Fill center of meringue with whipped cream and top with kiwi slices. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top with fruit and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tips Make sure that no trace of grease or egg yolk gets into the whites, as this will prevent them from forming stiff peaks. To prevent your meringue from being flat and grainy, beat the egg whites until stiff but not dry. Overbeaten egg whites lose volume and deflate when folded into other ingredients. If you prefer sweetened whipped cream, add 2 teaspoons of sugar while whipping the cream. You can substitute kiwi with other fruit, like sliced strawberries, pineapple, and mango. Editor's Note: Please note the different recipe name, differences in ingredient amounts and yield, as well as the addition of papaya and blood orange when using the magazine version of this recipe.

Title: The Best Pavlova
Ingredients: 1 cup white sugar, divided, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 large egg whites, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 ¼ cups heavy whipping cream, ½ cup confectioners' sugar, 1 pint fresh strawberries
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper; draw a 9-inch circle in the center of the paper. Whisk 1/4 cup sugar and cornstarch together in a small bowl. Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add remaining 3/4 cup sugar, continuing to beat until sugar is completely dissolved and stiff peaks form. Gently fold in cornstarch mixture and lemon juice. Spread a 1/4-inch-thick layer of meringue onto the prepared baking sheet to fill the circle. Pipe or spoon remaining meringue to form a taller edge around the circle to create a shallow bowl, making decorative swirls if desired. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour. Turn the oven off. Let meringue sit in the oven for 30 minutes; do not open the door. After 30 minutes, remove meringue from the oven; it should be hard on the outside and slightly moist on the inside. Beat cream and confectioners sugar in a mixing bowl with an electric mixer until thick. Spread onto meringue base and arrange strawberries over top. Recipe Tips To draw a perfect circle on the parchment paper, trace a line around a 9-inch round cake pan with a pencil. You can use any fresh fruit of your choice instead of strawberries.

Title: Meringue Crust
Ingredients: 2  egg whites, ¼ teaspoon cream of tartar, ¼ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, ½ cup white sugar
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). In a large bowl, beat egg whites, cream of tartar, and salt until soft peaks form. Add vanilla; slowly beat in sugar until very stiff and glossy. Spread meringue mixture into a 9-inch pie plate to form a shell. Bake in the preheated oven for 50 minutes. Turn the oven off; leave meringue in oven for 1 hour. Let cool.

Title: Peanut Butter Blossoms
Ingredients: 1 cup shortening, 1 cup peanut butter, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 ½ cups white sugar, divided, 2 large eggs, ¼ cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 (9 ounce) bags milk chocolate candy kisses, unwrapped
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. Cream together shortening, peanut butter, brown sugar, and 1 cup white sugar in a large bowl until smooth. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Beat in eggs one at a time, then stir in milk and vanilla. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Combine flour, baking soda, and salt; stir into peanut butter mixture until well blended. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Shape spoonfuls of dough into balls and roll in remaining 1/2 cup white sugar. Place cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately press a chocolate kiss into each cookie. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Allow to cool completely; the kiss will harden as it cools. Victoria Jempty/Allrecipes

Title: 3-Ingredient Peanut Butter Oatmeal Cookies
Ingredients: 1/2 cup peanut butter, 6 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 1/2 cup rolled oats
Instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment. Place peanut butter and maple syrup in a microwave safe bowl. Microwave until peanut butter is melted, about 1 minute. Stir in oats. Using a medium-sized cookie scoop, drop dough onto prepared baking sheet. Using your fingers, gently pat down dough to form a round cookie. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.

Title: Homemade Tagalongs
Ingredients: 1 cup butter, softened, ¾ cup white sugar, ½ teaspoon salt, 2 large egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups flour, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 cup peanut butter, ½ cup heavy cream, 8 ounces milk chocolate, chopped, 8 ounces chocolate-flavor candy coating, chopped
Instructions: Beat butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed for 30 seconds. Add sugar and salt and beat until well combined. Beat in egg yolks and vanilla. Mix in flour until dough forms. Chill, covered, until dough is easy to handle, about 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 1/4-inch thickness. Cut dough with a 2-inch cookie cutter, rerolling scraps if needed. Arrange cutouts 2 inches apart on an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until light brown, 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. In another bowl, stir together powdered sugar, peanut butter, and cream. Spread 2 teaspoons . onto each cookie, leaving centers slightly mounded. Arrange on wax paper. Meanwhile, arrange a wire rack over wax paper. Heat milk chocolate and candy coating in a small saucepan over low heat until melted. Spoon over cookies to cover, allowing excess to drip off. Let stand on prepared rack until set. Cook's Note: Layer cookies between wax paper in an airtight container. Chill up to 5 days or freeze up to 3 months.

Title: Granny’s Mini Pecan Pies
Ingredients: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 cup butter, cut into pieces and chilled, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 7 tablespoons ice-cold water, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 2/3 cup pecan halves, 1 cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 large eggs, 1 cup light corn syrup, 1/2 cup water, 1/4 cup butter, melted, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 cup chopped pecans, vanilla ice cream, for serving
Instructions: Pulse 2 1/2 cups flour, chilled butter pieces, and salt in a food processor until mixture resembles coarse crumbs, about 10 pulses. Stir together ice-cold water and cider vinegar in a small bowl. Pour half ice water mixture into flour mixture; pulse to combine, about 3 pulses. Pour remaining ice water mixture in a thin stream through opening in lid, adding just enough to moisten and pulsing just until mixture looks crumbly and starts to cling together. Turn out dough onto a work surface and pat into a circle; divide in half. Form each half into a disc; wrap each disc in plastic wrap. Chill at least 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Turn chilled dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Roll out dough to 2 (12-inch) rounds. Trace around a 6-inch plate with a paring knife to get 5 (6-inch) rounds total, rerolling scraps as needed. Transfer dough rounds to 5 (4- to 4 1/2-inch) pie pans, lightly pressing into pans. Crimp edges as desired. Arrange pecan halves in bottom of each crust. Transfer pie pans to a baking sheet. Whisk together sugar, the 2 tablespoons flour, and nutmeg in a medium bowl. Whisk in eggs, corn syrup, the 1/2 cup water, melted butter, and vanilla until smooth. Stir in chopped pecans. Divide mixture evenly among pie crusts. Bake in the preheated oven until centers are set but slightly wobbly, 50 to 60 minutes. Cool completely on wire racks. Serve with vanilla ice cream.

Title: Mini Pecan Pies
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups pecan halves, 1 cup white sugar, 3 large eggs, beaten, ½ cup light corn syrup, ½ cup dark corn syrup, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ¼ teaspoon salt, 18 (3-inch) ready-to-bake pie shells
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place pecans on a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. Mix sugar, eggs, light corn syrup, dark corn syrup, butter, vanilla extract, and salt together in a bowl; fold in pecans. Spoon 1/4 cup pecan mixture into each mini pie shell. Transfer pies onto a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until mini pies are slightly browned, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve warm or cool and place in airtight containers for up to one week. Cook’s Note For the best taste, I use butter and vanilla extract rather than margarine and vanilla flavoring.

Title: Pecan Pumpkin Pie
Ingredients: 2 large eggs, ½ cup white sugar, ½ cup packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ¼ teaspoon ground ginger, ½ teaspoon salt, 2 cups solid pack pumpkin puree, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, 1 pie crust pie crust, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 tablespoon orange zest, ¼ cup packed brown sugar, ¾ cup pecan halves
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Combine eggs, sugars, flour, spices, and salt in a large bowl. Blend in pumpkin. Gradually add condensed milk; mix until well combined. Pour into prepared pie crust. Bake pie in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Meanwhile make the topping: Combine 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon grated orange rind, 1/4 cup brown sugar, and 3/4 cup whole pecans. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue to bake pie until filling is set, about 40 to 50 minutes longer. Top pie with pecan mixture 10 minutes before removing from the oven.

Title: Yummy Vegan Pesto
Ingredients: ⅓ cup pine nuts, ⅔ cup olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, ⅓ cup nutritional yeast, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Place pine nuts in a skillet over medium heat; cook, stirring or shaking the pan often, until lightly toasted. Place toasted pine nuts, olive oil, garlic, nutritional yeast, and basil in a food processor; blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Cook’s Note Try adding sun-dried tomato slices post-completion for an added boost of rich flavor. This pesto freezes beautifully.

Title: Cannellini Bean Salad with Pesto
Ingredients: 2 (1-inch-thick) slices sourdough or French bread, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 red bell pepper - stemmed, seeded, and quartered, 1 small red onion, cut into 3/4-inch slices, 1 small zucchini, halved lengthwise, 1 lemon, halved, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 2 cups packed fresh parsley leaves, 2/3 cup walnuts, toasted, 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 (15 ounce) can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, halved
Instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat (350 to 375 degrees F (175 to 190 degrees C)). Brush bread slices generously with 2 tablespoons oil. Oil grill grates. Arrange bread slices, bell pepper, onion, zucchini, lemon, and garlic, cut sides down, on grill grate over direct heat; cover grill. Grill bread, turning halfway through, until toasted, about 4 minutes. Grill lemon and garlic until cut sides are lightly charred, 4 to 6 minutes. Grill zucchini, bell pepper, and onion, turning halfway through, until tender and lightly charred, 5 to 6 minutes for zucchini and 8 to 10 minutes for pepper and onion. When cool enough to handle, squeeze cloves from garlic halves. Rub a few garlic cloves over both sides of toast. Reserve about 3 cloves garlic for the pesto (save remaining garlic for another use). Cut or tear toast into bite-size pieces. For pesto, pulse parsley, walnuts, Parmesan cheese, salt, reserved 3 cloves garlic, and juice of grilled lemon in a food processor or blender until chopped. With machine running, pour in remaining 1/2 cup oil in a thin stream until mixture is smooth. Cut bell pepper, onion, and zucchini into bite-sized pieces; add to a large bowl, along with croutons, cannellini beans, and tomatoes. Toss to combine. Arrange salad on a serving platter. Drizzle with pesto; toss to coat before serving. Toasting Walnuts: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread walnuts onto a baking sheet. Toast in the preheated oven until nuts start to turn golden brown and become fragrant, 7 to 10 minutes.

Title: Spinach Basil Pesto
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups baby spinach leaves, ¾ cup fresh basil leaves, ½ cup toasted pine nuts, ½ cup grated Parmesan cheese, ½ cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and quartered, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, ¾ teaspoon kosher salt, ½ teaspoon lemon zest, ½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Instructions: Place spinach, basil, pine nuts, Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, salt, lemon zest, and pepper into a food processor; blend until nearly smooth, scraping the sides of the bowl with a spatula as necessary. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drizzle remaining olive oil into the mixture while processing until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tip Pour any pesto you aren't using immediately into an ice cube tray, cover it with plastic wrap, and store it in the freezer.

Title: Homemade Dog Treats (Peanut Butter and Pumpkin)
Ingredients: 2 ½ cups whole wheat flour, 2 large eggs, ½ cup canned pumpkin, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon water, or more if necessary (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine flour, eggs, pumpkin, peanut butter, salt, and cinnamon in a bowl; stir with a spatula until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer mixture to a work surface and work it with your hands until mixture starts to come together. Add 1 teaspoon water at a time (only if needed) to help make the dough workable, but don't add too much as it should be dry and stiff. Roll the dough to a thickness of 1/2 inch. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut into 1/2-inch pieces and transfer to a baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until dog treats are golden brown and crunchy, about 40 minutes. Let cool before serving to your dog. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Homemade Dog Food
Ingredients: 1 pound ground turkey, 6 cups water, 2 cups brown rice, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, ½ (16 ounce) package frozen broccoli, carrots and cauliflower combination
Instructions: Place ground turkey, water, rice, and rosemary into a large Dutch oven. Stir until ground turkey is broken up and evenly distributed throughout the mixture; bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to low and simmer for 20 minutes. Add frozen vegetables, and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. Refrigerate until using. Homemade Dog Food. Cook’s Note My dogs are large breed so they get 2 cups in the a.m. and p.m.

Title: Doggie Birthday Cake
Ingredients: 1  egg, ⅓ cup honey (Optional), ¼ cup peanut butter, ¼ cup cooking oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 cup whole wheat or white flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 6-cup ring mold or fluted tube pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine egg, honey, peanut butter, oil, and vanilla in a large bowl; blend well. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in carrots until well-combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sift together flour and baking soda and fold into carrot mixture. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon cake batter into the prepared pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Let cake cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Crunchy Quick Refrigerator Dill Pickles
Ingredients: 8 salad or pickling cucumbers, sliced into 3/4-inch pieces, 2 garlic cloves, 5 sprigs fresh dill, 1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns, 4 cups water, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 3/4 cup white vinegar
Instructions: Place half of cucumber slices in a large jar. Add garlic, dill, and peppercorns. Top with remaining cucumbers until the jar is filled tightly. Bring water, salt, and vinegar to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring occasionally, until salt is dissolved. Remove from heat and let cool 10 minutes. Pour warm mixture over cucumbers and seal jar. Refrigerate at least one day and up to 4 weeks. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Pickled Banana Peppers
Ingredients: 10 to 12 fresh banana peppers, cut into 3/4-inch slices, 1 to 2 garlic cloves, 1 to 2 slices fresh jalapenos (optional), 1 1/2 cups vinegar, 1 cup water, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
Instructions: Pack peppers, garlic, and jalapenos tightly in a glass jar. Bring vinegar, water, and salt to a boil, stirring occasionally, until salt is dissolved. Remove from heat and let stand 10 minutes. Pour warm mixture over peppers and seal jar. Refrigerate 12 to 24 hours before using and up to 4 weeks.

Title: Easy Fermented Pickled Veggies
Ingredients: 3 cups filtered water, 3 3/4 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 pound radishes (or other VEGETABLES), trimmed, sliced or quartered if large, 1 bunch fresh mint (or other HERBS), stemmed, 2 teaspoons Szechuan peppercorns (or other KICK (such as peppercorns and/or chiles)), 3 cloves garlic, sliced
Instructions: To sanitize jar, put a 1-quart wide-mouthed canning jar in a 6- to 8-quart pot; cover with tap water. (You could also use multiple smaller wide-mouthed canning jars.) Bring to a boil; boil 10 minutes. Using tongs, carefully remove jar from pot, draining excess water; let jar cool slightly. Meanwhile, for brine, stir together filtered water and salt in a 1-quart measuring cup until salt is dissolved. Add radishes (or other VEGETABLES), mint (or other HERBS), peppercorns (or other KICK), and garlic to jar. Veggies can be packed tightly; they will shrink and soften as they pickle. Fill jar with brine; you may have brine left over. Add a fermenting weight or an inverted, sanitized plastic lid to keep vegetables submerged. Cover jar with a kitchen towel, securing with a rubber band. Let stand at room temperature for at least 24 hours or up to 3 days. You’ll start to see bubbles forming. The vegetables will become more tart and the brine will become cloudier the longer the pickles stand. Remove fermenting weight and screw on metal lid. Chill up to 3 weeks. Variations: Pickled Cucumbers: cucumbers + dill + 2 dried chiles de arbol Pickled Carrots: carrots + cilantro + 2 tablespoons fresh jalapeño slices What the Dietitian Says: Probiotics—foods or supplements that support a healthy microbiome by boosting beneficial bacteria in the gut—are found in some fermented foods, including these refrigerator pickles. Heat-treated jarred pickles won’t provide the same benefits. The jury is still out on how much and what types of probiotics provide whole-body benefits, but in the meantime these funky veggies add snap and pucker to sandwiches, salads, and snacks. –Kathryn Hendrix, RDN, LD

Title: Cheesecake in a Jar
Ingredients: 6 pecan shortbread cookies (such as Keebler Sandies), finely crushed, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 6  (1/2 pint) canning jars with lids, 12 ounces sliced fresh strawberries, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ½ cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, ½ cup heavy cream, whipped
Instructions: Mix cookie crumbs, butter, and 2 tablespoons sugar in a bowl until combined. Divide mixture evenly among jars, about 3 1/2 tablespoons each, and gently press (do not pack) into bottoms. Halve 6 strawberries for garnish, and set aside. Chop remaining strawberries. Beat cream cheese, 1/2 cup sugar, and lemon juice in bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until smooth. Fold in whipped cream and chopped berries; divide evenly among jars, about 1/2 cup each. Top each with a 2 berry halves and cover with lids. Chill at least 2 hours and up to 3 days. Allrecipes Magazine

Title: Delicious Egg Salad
Ingredients: 8 large eggs, ½ cup mayonnaise, ¼ cup chopped green onion, 1 teaspoon prepared yellow mustard, ¼ teaspoon paprika, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel, and chop. Place chopped eggs in a bowl; stir in mayonnaise, green onion, and mustard. Season with paprika, salt, and pepper. Stir and serve on your favorite bread, crackers, or salad greens. From the Editor Read our article to find out how to boil eggs perfectly every time!

Title: Best Brownies
Ingredients: ½ cup butter, 1 cup white sugar, 2  eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ⅓ cup unsweetened cocoa powder, ½ cup all-purpose flour, ¼ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon baking powder, 3 tablespoons butter, softened, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup confectioners' sugar
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8-inch square pan. Melt 1/2 cup butter in a large saucepan. Remove from heat, and stir in sugar, eggs, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat in 1/3 cup cocoa, flour, salt, and baking powder. Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until top is dry and edges have started to pull away from the sides of the pan, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool briefly before frosting. To make the frosting: Combine softened butter, confectioners' sugar, 3 tablespoons cocoa, honey, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract in a bowl. Stir until smooth. Frost brownies while they are still warm.

Title: Rough Puff Pastry
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup cold unsalted butter, cubed, ½ cup cold water
Instructions: Place flour and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add butter and toss with your fingertips until evenly coated with flour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add water to bowl. Mix on low speed until the dough forms a shaggy mass, about 45 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until butter is firm but not brittle, about 20 minutes. Transfer dough to a floured work surface and roll into a ½-inch-thick rectangle that is about 10 ½ x 6 inches. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold one third of the longer side of the dough over the center third of dough. Fold the final third over the center (like you would fold a letter). Tightly wrap folded dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes. Repeat this process of rolling, folding and refrigerating 4 more times, turning the dough 90 degrees each time before rolling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios After completing the final fold, wrap the dough tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm before using, at least 1 hour or up to 2 days. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note If cutting the rough puff into other shapes, be sure to chill before cutting. It will retain its shape better when cutting. You can freeze the dough in a resealable bag for up to 3 months.

Title: Shortcrust Pastry (Pâte Brisée)
Ingredients: 1 cup flour, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 cup butter, but into pieces, 3 tablespoons ice water, or more as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pulse together the flour and salt in a food processor. Add butter and pulse until the consistency of breadcrumbs. Add water gradually, pulsing until a dough forms. Wrap and chill dough for 60 minutes or up to overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll dough to a 12-inch round on a lightly floured surface. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently transfer to a 9-inch pie plate or 10-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Flute edges of pastry as desired for the pie plate or trim even with the rim of the tart pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Chill for 1 hour before baking as directed in recipes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Pâte Sucrée
Ingredients: 2 large egg yolks, ¼ cup heavy whipping cream, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting, ¾ cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
Instructions: Whisk together egg yolks, cream, and vanilla in a small bowl until thoroughly combined; set aside. Process flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor until combined, about 3 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add butter and pulse until a coarse meal forms, about 12 pulses. Add egg mixture and pulse until mixture starts to clump together, 10 to 12 pulses. Dough will be crumbly but should hold together when squeezed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer dough to a clean work surface, and press into a single mass. Divide dough evenly into 2 portions. Pat each half into a 1-inch-thick disk. Tightly wrap each dough disk in plastic wrap. Chill dough until firm, at least 2 hours or up to 24 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place 1 dough disk on a lightly floured work surface. Let dough sit at room temperature 10 minutes to soften. Lightly grease removable bottom only of a 9 1/2-inch tart pan with butter. Roll dough to a 13-inch circle, dusting dough with flour as needed to prevent sticking. Brush off excess flour from dough. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Carefully roll dough around rolling pin, then unroll over the prepared pan. Press dough into the bottom and up the sides of the pan, trimming any excess dough. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Alternatively, press dough into pan without rolling. Patch any cracks with excess dough. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Prick crust all over with a fork. Chill, loosely covered with plastic wrap, 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While tart shell chills, preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line crust with parchment and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is golden around the edges, 15 to 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove weights and parchment. Return to the oven and continue to bake until the bottom of crust is golden brown and looks dry, 10 to 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer tart shell to a wire rack and let cool completely, about 40 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook's Note: This dough is hard to roll out and wants to crack, but you can easily patch up any cracks with dough trim - you won't see the patches once filled.

Title: Grandma's Polish Perogies
Ingredients: 4 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 cups sour cream, 2 large eggs, 1  egg yolk, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8  baking potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons processed cheese sauce, 1 pinch onion salt, or to taste, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Prepare the dough: Stir flour and salt together in a large bowl. Whisk sour cream, eggs, egg yolk, butter, and oil in a separate bowl. Stir wet ingredients into flour until well blended and dough comes together. Cover the bowl with a towel, and let stand for 15 to 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, prepare the filling: Place potatoes into a pot, and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drain potatoes, and mash with shredded cheese and cheese sauce while still hot. Season with onion salt, salt, and pepper. Set aside to cool. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Separate pierogi dough into two balls. Roll out one ball at a time on a lightly floured surface until it is thin enough to work with, but not too thin so that it tears, between 1/8- and 1/4-inch thick. Cut into circles using a cookie cutter, pierogi cutter, or a glass, 3- to 4-inches in diameter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Assemble the perogies: Brush a little water around the edges of the circles, and spoon some filling into the center. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold the circles over into half-circles, and press to seal the edges with fingers, or use a fork for crimped edges. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place perogies on a cookie sheet, and freeze. Once frozen, transfer to freezer storage bags or containers. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To cook the perogies: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Lower perogies into the water in batches. Cook until they float to the top, about 5 minutes. Do not boil too long, or they will be soggy. Remove with a slotted spoon. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tips For best results, choose low-moisture potatoes, such as russets. Choose a rolling pin that is very heavy — it will be easier to roll out the dough. The perogies are less likely to burst during cooking if they are frozen when you put them in the boiling water.

Title: Perogies
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, ⅔ cup cold water, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 pounds baking potatoes, 1 pound bacon, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, salt and pepper to taste, ¼ pound bacon, 1 (32 ounce) jar sauerkraut - drained, rinsed and minced, 3 tablespoons sour cream
Instructions: Make dough: Combine flour, cold water, beaten egg, and salt in a bowl; mix until a smooth dough forms. Cover the bowl and set aside. Make potato filling: Place potatoes in a large pot. Add water to cover, bring to a boil, and cook until tender, 25 to 35 minutes. Drain and mash in the pot until smooth. Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Crumble and stir into mashed potatoes. Stir in cheese; season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Make sauerkraut filling: Place bacon in the skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain, crumble, and place in a medium bowl. Stir in sauerkraut, then sour cream. Mix well. Roll dough out on a floured surface to 1/8- to 1/4-inch thickness. Cut out 3-inch circles with a cookie cutter or an upside-down drinking glass. Place a spoonful of potato or sauerkraut filling in the center of each circle and fold over, pinching edges together to seal. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; drop perogies in boiling water and cook until they float, 4 to 5 minutes. Recipe Tip To save time, cook the bacon for the potatoes and the filling simultaneously, and start the bacon while the potatoes are still cooking.

Title: Pierogi (Polish Dumplings)
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons butter, ⅓ cup chopped onion, 1 ½ cups sauerkraut, drained and minced, salt and pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons butter, ½ cup chopped onion, 2 cups cold mashed potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 (8 ounce) container sour cream, 3 large eggs, 3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, ¼ teaspoon salt
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Make sauerkraut filling: Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion in hot butter until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add sauerkraut and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper, then remove to a plate to cool. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Make potato filling: Melt butter in the same skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion in hot butter until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in mashed potatoes, salt, and white pepper. Remove from heat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Make dough: Beat together sour cream and eggs in a large bowl until smooth. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt into a separate bowl; stir into sour cream mixture until dough comes together. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Knead dough on a lightly floured surface until firm and smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide dough in half, then roll out one half to 1/8-inch thickness. Cut into 3-inch rounds using a biscuit cutter. Place a small spoonful of potato filling into the center of each round. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Moisten edges with water, fold over, and press with a fork to seal. Roll and fill remaining dough half with sauerkraut filling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pierogies in batches to boiling water and cook until they float to the top, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip To save time, you can make the filling the night before and remove it from the refrigerator 1 hour before making the dough.

Title: Perfect Key Lime Pie with Coconut Rum Whipped Cream
Ingredients: 11 graham crackers, 1/4 cup white sugar, 5 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 (14 ounce) can plus 1/2 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2/3 cup freshly squeezed lime juice or Key lime juice (see Note), 1/2 teaspoon lime zest, 3 large egg yolks, 1/3 cup sour cream, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 1/4 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons coconut rum
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Break graham crackers into the bowl of a food processor and add sugar. Pulse until coarsely ground. Add melted butter and pulse about 4 times until mixture resembles damp sand; transfer to a pie plate and very lightly press into bottom and up sides of the dish. Bake in the preheated oven just until fragrant, 4 to 6 minutes. Let cool. Whisk together sweetened condensed milk and lime juice until smooth. Whisk in egg yolks until well combined. Stir in sour cream and zest until smooth. Pour filling over graham cracker crust; lightly spread in an even layer. Place pie dish on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until just set around the edges and slightly jiggly in the center, 14 to 16 minutes. Remove to a wire rack to cool to room temperature, about 40 minutes. Chill pie in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours. Place cream, powdered sugar, and rum in a mixing bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until cream holds medium peaks. Serve pie with whipped cream. From the Editor: Key limes, smaller and more acidic than the more common Persian lime, are seasonal. They are harvested from June through September, and may be more difficult to find in other months. Either lime works in this recipe. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Strawberry Rhubarb Cream Pie
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups white sugar, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, ¾ teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3  eggs, beaten, 4 cups chopped rhubarb, 3 cups halved fresh strawberries, 1 recipe pastry for a 9 inch double crust pie, 1  egg white
Instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together sugar, flour, and nutmeg. Stir in eggs. Fold in rhubarb making sure to coat well, then do the same with the strawberries. Pour mixture into pie crust. Place second crust on top being sure to cut slits into it to vent steam. Brush egg white on top crust. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes in the preheated oven, until rhubarb is tender, and crust is golden.

Title: Rough Puff Pastry
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup cold unsalted butter, cubed, ½ cup cold water
Instructions: Place flour and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add butter and toss with your fingertips until evenly coated with flour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add water to bowl. Mix on low speed until the dough forms a shaggy mass, about 45 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until butter is firm but not brittle, about 20 minutes. Transfer dough to a floured work surface and roll into a ½-inch-thick rectangle that is about 10 ½ x 6 inches. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold one third of the longer side of the dough over the center third of dough. Fold the final third over the center (like you would fold a letter). Tightly wrap folded dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes. Repeat this process of rolling, folding and refrigerating 4 more times, turning the dough 90 degrees each time before rolling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios After completing the final fold, wrap the dough tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm before using, at least 1 hour or up to 2 days. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note If cutting the rough puff into other shapes, be sure to chill before cutting. It will retain its shape better when cutting. You can freeze the dough in a resealable bag for up to 3 months.

Title: Chef John's Sausage and Egg Pizza
Ingredients: 6 ounces hot Italian sausage, sliced, 12 ounces unbaked pizza dough, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, or as needed, ¾ cup pizza sauce, 1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste (Optional), 6 ounces shredded Fontina cheese, divided, 4  eggs, freshly ground black pepper to taste, ⅓ cup freshly shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, divided, 1 cup baby arugula leaves, washed and dried, 1 tablespoon olive oil
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Cook and stir sliced Italian sausage in a skillet over medium heat until some of the fat has rendered out and sausage is no longer pink inside, about 5 minutes. Transfer sausage slices to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Roll pizza dough out to about 12 inches in diameter and about 3/8-inch thick; sprinkle with cornmeal. Flip dough so the cornmeal side is down and transfer to a perforated 14-inch pizza pan. Spread pizza sauce in a thin layer on top of the dough. Sprinkle with red pepper flakes and about 3/4 the Fontina cheese. Spread sausage slices onto the pizza, leaving 4 spaces about 3 inches across on the pizza for eggs. Sprinkle remaining Fontina cheese onto sausage slices. Bake in the preheated oven until dough is hot, edges are starting to brown, and cheese has started to melt, 10 to 12 minutes. Crack each egg into a separate ramekin or small bowl. Remove pizza from oven and use a spatula to press the spaces between sausage slices flat. Gently pour an egg onto each space. Grind a little black pepper onto each egg yolk. Lightly sprinkle Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over entire pizza. Return to oven and bake until eggs are set but yolks are still liquid, about 5 minutes, checking frequently to avoid overcooking eggs. Toss arugula leaves with olive oil in a bowl until coated. Remove pizza from oven, poke egg yolks with a fork, spread them around a little, and sprinkle arugula over the top of the pizza. Cut into 4 quarters, each with an egg, to serve. Cook's Note: You want to use fresh, fresh eggs so they'll sit up nice and high and won't run all over the pizza.

Title: Perfect Pan Pizza
Ingredients: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 1/4 teaspoons salt, 1 cup lukewarm water, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 6 ounces low moisture, part skim mozzarella cheese, shredded, 3/4 cup easy no-cook pizza sauce (see below), 1/3 cup sliced pepperoni
Instructions: Whisk flour, yeast, and salt together in a large bowl. Stir water and 1 tablespoon olive oil together in a separate bowl or measuring cup and add to flour mixture. Stir just until well combined. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature until dough has tripled in size, 8 to 12 hours. Alternatively, cover and refrigerate at least 12 hours and up to 36 hours, or until dough has tripled in size. Uncover dough and transfer to a floured surface. Gently stretch and fold dough over a few times until nearly smooth; use your hands to lightly shape dough into a ball. Dough should remain a little sticky. Pour remaining olive oil into a 12-inch cast iron skillet and use your fingers to liberally coat the bottom and sides of the skillet. Using oiled hands, transfer dough to the skillet, gently flatten into a thick disc shape, and lightly coat with some of the oil. Lightly cover the skillet with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature for 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Use fingers to lightly press dough to an even layer to the edges of the pan and about 1/2 inch up the sides. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese around the edges and over dough. Sprinkle 1/3 cup shredded mozzarella over dough. Spread pizza sauce in an even layer over entire crust. Sprinkle with remaining cheese and top with pepperoni. Bake in the preheated oven until crust is golden around the edges and cheese is lightly browned and melted, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and place on the stove over medium heat. Cook until bottom of crust is golden brown and toasted, 3 to 5 minutes. Carefully slide pizza from the pan to a wire rack; let stand for 10 minutes. Transfer pizza to a cutting board; slice and serve. Easy No Cook Pizza Sauce Here is the recipe for Nicole's Easy No Cook Pizza Sauce . Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Fried Peach and Pancetta Pizza
Ingredients: 8 ounces pancetta bacon, thickly sliced, 1 teaspoon olive oil, or as needed, 12 ounces pizza dough, or more to taste, cut into quarters, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, or as needed, 1 cup olive oil, or as needed, ½ cup ricotta cheese, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, or to taste, ground black pepper to taste, 20 slices fresh peach, ¼ cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, or to taste, 4 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, or to taste
Instructions: Preheat an oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Line baking sheets with aluminum foil. Sprinkle pancetta into a cold skillet and drizzle 1 teaspoon olive oil over pancetta. Cook and stir pancetta over medium heat until browned and caramelized, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove pan from heat and cool pancetta in the oil in the skillet. Place 1 dough quarter on a work surface and lightly dust with flour; roll into a 1/8-inch-thick irregularly shaped crust. Stretch dough with your hands to an even thickness; let rest on the work surface for 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining dough. Heat about 1 cup olive oil, reaching about 1/2-inch depth, in a heavy cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Fry each piece of dough until browned and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. The first side will be lighter than the second side. Drain the crusts on paper towels. Transfer pizza crusts, lighter-side up, to prepared baking sheets. Spread about 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese onto each crust using the back of a spoon. Sprinkle about 1/2 teaspoon fresh thyme over ricotta layer. Sprinkle pancetta over the ricotta-thyme layer; season with black pepper. Nestle about 5 peach slices onto each pizza, working around the pancetta pieces. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon Parmesan-Reggiano cheese over each pizza. Drizzle about 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil over Parmesan-Reggiano layer. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and peaches are lightly browned and tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool pizzas for 5 to 10 minutes on the baking sheet. Cook's Notes: The fried pizza crusts can be made ahead of time. Fresh basil can be used in place of the thyme for a sweeter flavor. Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Easy Homemade Pizza Dough
Ingredients: 1 cup warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C), 1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon white sugar, 2 ½ cups bread flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C), and lightly grease a pizza pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place warm water in a bowl; add yeast and sugar. Mix and let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add flour, oil, and salt to the yeast mixture; beat until smooth. You can do this by hand or use a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook to make it easier. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Let rest for 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and pat or roll into a 12-inch circle. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer to the prepared pizza pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread crust with sauce and toppings of your choice. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes before serving. Vilma Ng Recipe Tips You can use all-purpose flour, but bread flour makes a superior crust. If you have a pizza stone, dust it with cornmeal and use it instead of a greased pizza pan. Editor's Note: Nutrition data for this recipe only includes the crust ingredients. It does not include any sauces or toppings you may choose to use.

Title: No-Yeast Pizza Crust
Ingredients: 1 ⅓ cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ cup fat-free milk, 2 tablespoons olive oil
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix flour, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl; stir in milk and olive oil until a soft dough forms. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead 10 times. Shape dough into a ball; cover with an inverted bowl and let sit for 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll dough into a 12-inch circle on a baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add your favorite toppings and bake. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Thin-Crust Pizza Dough
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, ¼ teaspoon white sugar, ¾ cup lukewarm water, 2 cups all-purpose flour, divided, ½ teaspoon salt
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dissolve yeast and sugar in warm water that's 110 degrees F (44 degrees C) in a small bowl. Let stand until yeast softens and begins to form a creamy foam, about 5 to 8 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine 1 3/4 cups flour and salt in a large bowl. Pour in yeast mixture; mix well until dough comes together. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer dough to a floured surface and knead until smooth, about 2 minutes. Add remaining 1/4 cup flour if dough is too sticky. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll dough into a 12-inch circle. Transfer to a greased pizza pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add your favorite toppings, and bake. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To Bake: Top crust as desired and bake at 500 degrees F (260 degrees C) until golden, 8 to 10 minutes.

Title: Mexican Polenta Pizza
Ingredients: 1 cup cornmeal, 3 cups skim milk, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 5 ounces lean ground beef, 1 1/2 cup red chile sauce (such as Herdez® Red Guajillo Chile Mexican Cooking Sauce), 1 cup Mexican shredded cheese blend, plus more for sprinkling on top, 1 cup shredded lettuce, or to taste, 1 tomato, diced, or to taste, 2 tablespoons sliced pitted black olives, or to taste, 2 tablespoons sour cream, or to taste
Instructions: Stir cornmeal, milk, and salt together in a medium saucepan, and cook over medium-high heat, stirring constantly, until mixture comes to a boil and thickens enough to pull away from the sides of the pan, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the olive oil. Spread on a greased cookie sheet. Cool in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Bake polenta crust in the preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, and cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour in red chile sauce, and simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Top polenta crust with meat sauce and cheese. Return to the oven; bake until cheese is melted, 10 to 12 minutes more. Top with lettuce, tomato, black olives, and sour cream. Sprinkle with additional shredded cheese, if desired.

Title: Crispy Polenta Bites with Jammy Tomato Topper
Ingredients: 1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained, 1/3 cup raisins, 1/4 cup dry red wine (such as Cabernet Sauvignon or Merlot), 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, plus more for garnish, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 (16 ounce) tube refrigerated cooked polenta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 (4-ounce) package goat cheese (chèvre), crumbled
Instructions: Put a rimmed baking sheet in oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Bring tomatoes, raisins, and red wine to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low; simmer mixture, uncovered, until raisins are plump and most of liquid has evaporated, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in honey, vinegar, thyme, and salt. Meanwhile, slice polenta into 1/4-inch-thick rounds. Gently toss polenta with oil in a large bowl. Remove baking sheet from oven. Arrange rounds in an even layer on baking sheet. Bake polenta rounds in the preheated oven, turning halfway through, until lightly golden and crisp on both sides, about 15 minutes. To serve, top polenta rounds with goat cheese and tomato mixture. Garnish with thyme. Serve warm or at room temperature. Recipe Tips: Vegan-ize: Replace honey with agave syrup, use a vegan wine, omit goat cheese, add top bites with 2 to 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts. Make it Meaty: Top polenta bites with 3 ounces (about 5 slices) crisp-cooked and chopped prosciutto.

Title: How to Make Perfect Polenta
Ingredients: 4 cups water, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup polenta, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, ½ cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, plus more for garnish
Instructions: Bring water and salt to a boil in a large saucepan; pour polenta slowly into boiling water, whisking constantly until there are no lumps. Reduce heat to low and simmer, whisking often, until polenta starts to thicken, about 5 minutes. Polenta mixture should still be slightly loose. Cover and cook for 30 minutes, whisking every 5 to 6 minutes. When polenta is too thick to whisk, stir with a wooden spoon. Polenta is done when texture is creamy and the individual grains are tender. Turn off heat and gently stir 2 tablespoons butter into polenta until butter partially melts; mix 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese into polenta until cheese has melted. Cover and let stand for 5 minutes to thicken. Stir polenta and transfer to a serving bowl. Top polenta with remaining 1 tablespoon butter and about 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese for garnish. How to Make Perfect Polenta. Chef's Note Cooking time will depend on the polenta grind, so you'll have to adjust accordingly. Editor's Note: This pairs perfectly with our beef short ribs recipe .

Title: Cheddar Popcorn
Ingredients: 1/4 cup vegetable oil, 3/4 cup popcorn, 2 tablespoons Cheddar cheese powder
Instructions: Place oil in a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Place 3 popcorn kernels in the pot. Cover. Wait for all 3 kernels to pop. Add remaining popcorn kernels. Cover the pot with a lid and cook until two seconds go by and kernels are no longer popping, about 3 minutes. Transfer popped corn to a large bowl. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon Cheddar cheese powder over popcorn; toss. Sprinkle remaining 1 tablespoon cheese powder over popcorn; toss again. Serve immediately.

Title: Kettle Corn
Ingredients: ¼ cup vegetable oil, ½ cup unpopped popcorn kernels, ¼ cup white sugar
Instructions: Heat vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat. Stir in popcorn kernels and sugar. Cover and shake the pot constantly to prevent sugar from burning. When popping has slowed to once every 2 to 3 seconds, remove the pot from the heat and shake for a few minutes until popping stops. Pour popcorn into a large bowl and allow to cool, stirring occasionally to break up large clumps. Jessica

Title: Quick and Easy Yorkshire Pudding
Ingredients: 3 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons butter
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Beat eggs and milk together in a medium bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in flour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide butter evenly into the cups of a 12-cup muffin tin, about 1/2 teaspoon per cup. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place the muffin tin in the preheated oven until butter has melted and is sizzling hot, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from oven, and distribute batter evenly among each cup. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Return to the oven and bake for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake until puffed and golden, without peeking, about 25 minutes more. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Popovers
Ingredients: cooking spray, 2 large eggs, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 cup milk, ½ teaspoon salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease and flour six 6-ounce custard cups. Beat eggs slightly in a medium bowl. Beat in flour, milk, and salt until just smooth; being careful not to overbeat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill custard cups 1/2 full. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Decrease the oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake for 20 minutes more. Immediately remove from cups and serve piping hot. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Sky-High Yorkshire Pudding
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 4 large eggs, 2 cups milk, ¼ cup vegetable oil
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Whisk milk and eggs together in a large bowl. Whisk in flour, 1 cup at a time, until frothy and well blended. Set aside. Place 1 teaspoon oil into each cup of a 12-cup muffin tin. Place the tin in the preheated oven until oil is smoking, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and quickly ladle about 1/4 cup batter into each cup. Return to the oven and bake for 30 to 35 minutes until puddings have risen and are golden brown. Serve immediately. iuliana Csepregi Orac Cook’s Note To keep the puddings from deflating while waiting for everyone to come to the table, I turn my oven off and leave the door partially open with the puddings inside.

Title: Strawberry Balsamic Pork Chops
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 3 cups sliced fresh strawberries, 1 tablespoon honey, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, several fresh thyme sprigs, plus extra for garnish, 4 (3/4-inch thick) boneless pork loin chops
Instructions: Melt 1 1ablespoon unsalted butter in a large, non-stick skillet over medium heat. Stir in balsamic vinegar and cook until mixture is bubbly and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add sliced strawberries, honey, a pinch of salt, and fresh thyme sprigs, to taste to the skillet. Stir, and cook until strawberries are softened and the liquid has thickened slightly, 5 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Pour into a small bowl, remove thyme sprigs, and set aside. Wipe out the skillet, return to the burner, add the remaining butter, and pour in olive oil. Pat chops dry; season to taste with salt and pepper. When butter stops bubbling, add seasoned chops and cook until browned on each side, 1 to 3 minutes. Add strawberry mixture to the skillet, and turn each chop to coat with the liquid. Stack strawberries on top of each chop. Simmer until an instant read thermometer inserted near the center of chops reads 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), 6 to 10 minutes. Garnish with additional fresh thyme sprigs, if desired, and serve warm.

Title: Summer Meat Slaw
Ingredients: 1 head green cabbage, 1/2 cup sliced green onions, plus more for garnish, 1 red bell pepper, sliced into thin strips, 1 large carrot, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 4 cups pulled pork or other cooked, shredded meat, 1/4 cup avocado oil, divided, or as needed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons chile garlic sauce (such as Sriracha®), 1/3 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1/3 cup chopped cilantro
Instructions: Halve and core cabbage; cut each half into 2 pieces, and slice cabbage into 1/4-inch thick strips; set aside. Add green onions, bell pepper, and garlic to a large mixing bowl. With a vegetable peeler, peel thin strips of carrot over the top. Place a nonstick skillet over high heat and add pork. Cook until pork is very hot and a brown crust is forming on the meat, about 5 minutes. If meat is lean, 1 to 2 tablespoons of oil can be added to the pan as needed. Pour hot pork over veggies and mix with tongs to combine. Add 2 tablespoons oil to the same pan and place over high heat. Transfer in cabbage and salt. Cook, stirring, until cabbage softens and starts to brown in spots, but still retains a bit of crunch. Add cabbage, black pepper, Sriracha, and rice vinegar to the bowl; mix slaw thoroughly. Add cilantro, and mix thoroughly. Taste for seasoning, and adjust salt and pepper, heat, and vinegar as needed. Serve hot, warm, or at room temperature, garnished with thinly sliced green onion. If making ahead, warm slaw before serving. John Mitzewich

Title: Lacinato Kale Salad with Warm Bacon Vinaigrette
Ingredients: 2 bunches lacinato kale, 1/3 cup thinly sliced red onion (see Note), 1/2 cup chopped dried apricots, 1/2 cup blanched slivered almonds, 1/2 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and sliced into thin strips, 3 slices bacon, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil (see Note), 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 pinch salt, or to taste, 1 pinch freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste
Instructions: Wash kale in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Using a sharp knife, remove stems and coarse veins, and chop kale into bite-sized pieces. Place chopped kale and red onion slices in a large salad bowl, and set aside. For dressing, cook bacon in a skillet over medium heat until browned and crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove bacon from the skillet, chop, and reserve. To the bacon drippings in the same skillet, add only enough olive oil to equal 1/4 cup. Heat the combined drippings and the olive over medium heat until hot. Stir in the minced garlic and cook about 30 seconds. Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, salt and pepper to taste, and red pepper flakes, to taste. Pour mixture over torn kale and onion slices, and stir until well coated with the hot dressing. Add chopped apricots, blanched slivered almonds, and red bell pepper strips. Give the salad a final toss, and garnish with reserved chopped bacon.

Title: Pork Chop Stir-Fry
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 3 cups small cauliflower florets, 2 medium carrots, julienned, 1 ½ cups frozen corn, thawed, ½ cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 pound boneless pork chops, cut into stir-fry strips, 2 stalks green onions, thin sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, ¾ teaspoon ground ginger, ½ teaspoon chili powder, 1 cup water, ¼ cup soy sauce, 4 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons chicken bouillon granules, 2 tablespoons cold water, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, ¼ cup salted peanuts, 3 cups hot cooked rice
Instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add cauliflower and stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes. Add carrots and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Add corn and peas; cook until veggies are crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Remove all veggies to a bowl and keep warm. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the skillet. Add pork and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Add green onions, garlic, ginger, and chili powder; fry until pork is no longer pink, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the skillet and keep warm. Add 1 cup water, soy sauce, honey, and bouillon to the skillet. Stir 2 tablespoons cold water and cornstarch together in a small bowl, then gradually add to the skillet, stirring constantly; bring to a boil. Cook and stir until thickened, about 2 minutes. Return vegetables and pork to the pan; cook until heated through. Stir in peanuts and serve over hot cooked rice.

Title: Pork Chops Al Pastor
Ingredients: 4 (12 to 14 ounce) bone-in double-cut pork chops, 1 (14 ounce) can pineapple chunks with juice, 2 tablespoons ground guajillo or ancho chili pepper, or any dried ground chile pepper, 1 tablespoon New Mexico or regular chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground chipotle, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt (1 teaspoon kosher salt per pound of meat), 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 green onions, cut into 2-inch pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more as needed, 1 yellow onion, halved and sliced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 1/3 cup water or chicken broth, 1/2 cup finely diced white or yellow onion, 1/2 cup finely diced fresh or canned pineapple, 1 tablespoon finely sliced fresh oregano leaves, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 lime, juiced, or to taste, cayenne for garnish
Instructions: Place chops in a resealable plastic bag set in a bowl. Add pineapple, guajillo, New Mexico chili powder, chipotle, cinnamon, salt, white vinegar, garlic, and onions to the jar of a blender, and blend until marinade is smooth; pour marinade into bag. Massage pork to coat evenly. Press out air, seal the bag, and refrigerate overnight, or up to 48 hours. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Heat olive oil in an oven-safe pan over medium-high heat. Remove chops from marinade, scraping off as much excess as possible; reserve all marinade for the sauce. Sear chops in the hot pan on both sides until lightly browned, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a plate; set aside. Add yellow onion, cumin, and dried oregano to the pan, and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. If pan seems dry, add another drizzle of oil. Turn off heat, and pour in water. Stir, scraping any brown bits off the bottom of the pan. Place chops on top of onion mixture. Roast in the preheated oven until pork is cooked to taste, 20 to 30 minutes, basting or brushing chops with pan juices occasionally. An internal temperature of 140 to 145 degrees F (60 to 63 degrees C) will ensure juicy, tender meat. Roasting time will vary greatly depending on size of chops, so check temperature with an instant-read thermometer early and often. Meanwhile, pour marinade into a saucepan, and add about 1/2 cup of water, or as needed to achieve desired thickness. Bring to a simmer on medium-high heat, whisking occasionally. Taste sauce for seasoning; keep warm until needed. To make salsa, combine white onion, diced pineapple, fresh oregano, ¼ teaspoon salt, and lime juice in a bowl and mix thoroughly. Remove pork from the oven; tent with foil and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. While resting, tops of chops can be garnished with sauce and a spoon of salsa. John Mitzewich Chef's Note: If using thinner, regular pork chops, the roasting steps may not be necessary. Simply pan-fry until desired doneness is reached, and remove to a plate. While resting, make onion mixture, but cook longer over medium heat, until onions are soft and sweet.

Title: Cast Iron Pork Chops - The Secret to the Best Pork Chops Is Your Cast Iron Skillet
Ingredients: 4 (3/4 to 1-inch thick) bone-in pork chops (6 to 8 ounces each), 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, plus chopped fresh rosemary for garnish
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Take chops out of the refrigerator and let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes before cooking. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios If there is a fat cap on the sides of the chops, make a few vertical slits through them, so the chops will not curl as they cook. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Blot chops dry with paper towels, and sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat a 12-inch cast iron skillet over medium-high heat for 3 minutes. Add oil. Add chops and cook 2 minutes. Turn and cook 2 minutes more. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add butter and garlic to the skillet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place rosemary sprigs atop each chop. Tilt skillet to allow melted butter and oil to pool on one side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon butter and garlic mixture over chops occasionally while cooking 2 minutes. Remove rosemary, turn chops, replace rosemary and cook, basting chops occasionally, cooking 2 to 3 minutes more or until chops are 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) in the center when tested with an instant-read thermometer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove chops from skillet and place on a cutting board or serving platter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Tent with foil and let stand 5 minutes before serving. Temperature will rise to 145 degrees F (62 degrees C) upon standing. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Garnish with chopped rosemary. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Cherry Cola Ribs
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon onion powder, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons cherry cola, 1 (3 pound) rack baby back ribs, membrane removed, 1 1/2 cups cherry cola, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, salt to taste
Instructions: For dry rub, whisk salt, smoked paprika, onion powder, garlic powder, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper together in a small bowl; set aside. For wet rub, whisk mustard, vinegar, and 2 tablespoons cherry cola together in a small bowl; set aside. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with a piece of foil long enough to extend past the rack of ribs by at least 6 inches on both ends. Use large size, heavy-duty foil if possible. Place the ribs, meat side up, on the foil. Brush wet rub over top and sides, and sprinkle about 60% of dry rub over the surface. Turn ribs over and, with the bone side up, brush with wet rub, then sprinkle with all the remaining dry rub. Reserve any wet rub left at this point. Center the ribs lengthwise on the foil, and bring up the ends of the foil, like a boat, and crimp so any juices will stay inside. Crimp the two long edges together over the top of the ribs. The foil doesn’t have to be airtight, but the whole rack should be covered. Bake in the preheated oven for 2 hours. Remove, open the foil, and pour off juices that have accumulated in the foil into a saucepan. Turn the rack meat side up, and brush with wet rub. Enclose again in the foil, and continue to roast at 250 degrees F (120 degrees C) for 1 hour. While meat is cooking, add any remaining wet rub to the juices in the saucepan, then add the 1 1/2 cups cherry cola, ketchup, and 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper. Bring to a simmer on medium high, cook until liquid is reduced by half. Reduce heat further, and simmer liquids very slowly until they eventually thicken and become sauce-like. Once it is the thickness of barbecue sauce, remove from heat entirely. After one hour at 250 degrees F (120 degrees C), remove ribs from the oven, and open out the foil, pressing foil flat to line the pan. Turn the oven temperature up to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Brush ribs with sauce. Return ribs to the oven for 15 minutes. Repeat this process, brushing ribs with sauce every 15 minutes, until ribs are tender and come easily off the bone, about 1 hour more. (See Note) Let ribs rest for about 10 minutes. Slice between each rib with a sharp knife, and serve with extra sauce. Chef John Chef's Notes Here’s a trick for telling whether your ribs are done that I learned from an old pitmaster. During one of the bastings near the end of the cooking time, place a pair of tongs under the full length of the center rib, and gently lift the rack off the baking sheet. If the ends of the rack droop, the ribs are nearly done. If the rack remains stiff, the ribs need more cooking time, and if the rack breaks in the center and falls apart, they are overcooked. The video shows an easy way to remove the membrane from the bone side of a rack of ribs, an optional step I rarely take, but I did for this recipe. Feel free to try other flavors of soda with this recipe, like root beer or ginger ale.

Title: Oven-Baked Baby Back Ribs
Ingredients: ½ cup ancho chile powder, ¼ cup white sugar, ¼ cup brown sugar, ¼ cup salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, ½ teaspoon ground dried chipotle pepper, 1 rack baby back pork ribs, 1 cup barbeque sauce
Instructions: Gather ingredients and preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Mix ancho chile powder, white and brown sugars, salt, black pepper, cumin, dry mustard, cayenne, and chipotle pepper in a small bowl until combined. Place rib rack, meat-side down, on heavy-duty aluminum foil. Prick back of the rack several times with a knife. Generously apply a coating of dry rub to all sides of the rack. Store any remaining dry rub in an airtight container for future use. With the meat facing down, fold foil around the rack to create a tight seal. Transfer to a sheet pan. Bake in the preheated oven until tender and cooked through, about 2 hours. Remove and cool 15 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Open foil, drain and discard any accumulated juices and fat. Brush barbeque sauce on all sides of the rack. Turn the rack on the foil so the meat is facing up. Return to the oven, leaving the foil open and bake for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush another layer of barbeque sauce on the meat side only. Repeat baking and brushing with sauce 4 more times, for a total of 50 minutes baking time. Cut rack into individual rib segments and serve with more barbeque sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip You will not need all of the dry rub for one rack of ribs. Use what you need to coat the rack and store the rest in an airtight container for future use. Editor's Note: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of dry rub. The actual amount of rub consumed will vary.

Title: Prize-Winning Baby Back Ribs
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, salt and pepper to taste, 3 pounds baby back pork ribs, 1 cup barbeque sauce
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat a gas grill for high heat, or arrange charcoal briquettes on one side of the barbeque. Lightly oil the grate. Combine cumin, chili powder, paprika, salt, and pepper in a small jar; close the lid and shake to mix. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Trim the membrane sheath from the back of each rack. Run a small, sharp knife between the membrane and each rib, and snip off the membrane as much as possible. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle as much of the rub onto both sides of ribs as desired. To prevent ribs from becoming too dark and spicy, do not thoroughly rub spices into ribs. Store any unused spice mix in a jar for future use. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place aluminum foil on the lower rack to capture drippings and prevent flare-ups. Lay ribs on the top rack of the grill (away from the coals, if you're using briquettes). Reduce gas heat to low and close the lid; cook ribs, undisturbed as possible, until meat pulls away easily from the bone, about 1 hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Brush ribs with barbecue sauce, and grill for an additional 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve ribs as a whole rack, or cut between each rib bone and pile individually on a platter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of spice mix. The actual amount of spice mix consumed will vary.

Title: Pork Chile Verde
Ingredients: 1 ½ pounds fresh tomatillos, or more to taste, husks removed, 3 serrano peppers, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil, 3 pounds pork shoulder, or more to taste, trimmed and cut into 1 ½-inch cubes, 2 teaspoons garlic salt, ½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 1  green bell pepper, coarsely chopped, ½ cup red wine, 1 cup low-sodium chicken stock, ⅓ cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine tomatillos, serrano peppers, and garlic in a bowl. Drizzle with olive oil and toss to coat. Transfer to a baking sheet. Place in the preheated oven and roast until tender, about 30 minutes. Remove vegetables from oven, cool slightly, and transfer to the bowl of a food processor. Puree until smooth. Reduce oven temperature to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). While vegetables are roasting, heat lard in a Dutch oven or heavy oven-safe pot over medium-high heat. Sprinkle pork with garlic salt and pepper and add to the pot in batches. Cook each batch until browned, about 7 minutes, removing to a plate with a slotted spoon. Drain and discard all but 2 tablespoons pan drippings. Add onion and bell pepper to the pot. Sauté, stirring occasionally, until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Pour wine into the pan and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in browned pork, tomatillo puree, chicken stock, cilantro, oregano, cumin, and salt. Cover and cook in the oven until pork is tender, 3 ½ to 4 hours. Allow to stand for 15 minutes, covered, before serving. Cook’s Note White wine or additional chicken stock can be used in place of red wine, if preferred.

Title: Crispy Slow Cooker Carnitas
Ingredients: 4 pounds pork shoulder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 orange, cut in half, juiced and peel reserved, 1 lime, juiced, 1 white onion, quartered, 2 bay leaves, tortillas, cilantro, sliced jalapeno, diced white onion, and lime wedges for serving or as desired
Instructions: Cut pork into 5 to 6 large chunks. Season each piece evenly with salt, pepper, garlic powder, chili powder, and cumin. Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add pork in a single layer to the hot skillet. If meat does not fit, do this step in 2 batches. Cook pork, untouched until well browned on the first side, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove meat and place into the bottom of a slow cooker. To the hot skillet, add onion and cook 1 minute. Deglaze pan with orange juice, lime juice, and 1 1/4 cups water and scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the skillet. Pour water mixture over pork in the slow cooker, add bay leaves, and cover. Cook on High for 4 to 5 hours or on Low 6 to 7 hours or until pork is very tender. Preheat the oven to broil. Remove pork from the slow cooker and shred into approximately 2 to 3 inch pieces and place on a rimmed baking sheet. Spoon some of the juices evenly over the pork, and reserve about 1 cup of juices for serving. Broil pork for 3 to 5 minutes, or until slightly crispy and browned, tossing halfway through if necessary. Serve in toasted tortillas with japaleno slices, chopped onion, cilantro, and lime wedges, or as desired Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Slow Cooker Texas Pulled Pork
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 (4 pound) pork shoulder roast, 1 cup barbeque sauce, ½ cup apple cider vinegar, ½ cup chicken broth, ¼ cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon prepared yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 extra large onion, chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 1 ½ teaspoons dried thyme, 8  hamburger buns, split, 2 tablespoons butter, or as needed
Instructions: Pour vegetable oil into the bottom of a slow cooker. Place pork roast into the slow cooker; pour in barbeque sauce, vinegar, and chicken broth. Stir in brown sugar, yellow mustard, Worcestershire sauce, chili powder, onion, garlic, and thyme. Cover and cook on Low for 10 to 12 hours or High for 5 to 6 hours until pork shreds easily with a fork. Remove pork from the slow cooker, and shred the meat using two forks. Return shredded pork to the slow cooker, and stir to combine with juices. Spread the inside of both halves of hamburger buns with butter. Toast buns, butter-side down, in a skillet over medium heat until golden brown. Spoon pulled pork into toasted buns. psychedilemma

Title: The Best Easy Pork Tenderloin
Ingredients: 2 pork tenderloins (1 lb. each), 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 2 teaspoon herbes de Provence, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 1/2 cup white wine or chicken stock
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Trim the silver skin from each pork tenderloin and season evenly with salt, pepper, garlic, and herbes de Provence. Heat oil in a large oven-proof skillet over medium-high heat until barely shimmering. Add both pork tenderloins and cook, undisturbed, until golden brown and easily release from the pan, about 5 minutes. Flip each piece and cook for an additional 3 minutes undisturbed. Add wine and cook for 1 minute. Remove pan from the stove and place in the oven. Bake in the preheated oven until pork is slightly pink in the center, 15 to 19 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Remove from the oven and allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with pan juices. fabeverday

Title: Air Fryer Pork Tenderloin
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1  (1 1/2 lbs.) pork tenderloin, trimmed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, cooking spray, 1 tablespoon honey
Instructions: Stir together chili powder, salt, smoked paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, dried oregano, black pepper, and crushed red pepper in a small bowl until evenly combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place pork on a cutting board and coat with olive oil; rub spice mix over the entire tenderloin until evenly coated. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Lightly coat air fryer basket with cooking spray. Place tenderloin in basket at a diagonal angle so tenderloin lays flat and straight in basket. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook at 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) for 5 minutes. Reduce temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) and continue to cook, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 140 degrees F (60 degrees C), 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from basket and let stand until internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut into 3/4-inch slices and place on a serving platter. Drizzle with honey and serve immediately.

Title: Sheet Pan Balsamic Pork Tenderloin with Rainbow Vegetables
Ingredients: 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2  dates, pitted and chopped, or to taste, 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon sliced garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, ½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 6 cups 1/2-inch x 2-inch rainbow carrot sticks, 4 cups 1/2-inch x 2-inch peeled, seeded butternut squash chunks, ½  red onion, sliced lengthwise, 2 (1 1/4 pound) pork tenderloins
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with parchment paper or foil. Place 2 tablespoons olive oil, dates, vinegar, rosemary, garlic, salt, and pepper in a blender or small food processor. Pulse several times to mix, then puree until smooth, about 1 minute. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the mixture for later use. Combine rainbow carrots, butternut squash, and red onion in a large bowl. Toss with balsamic mixture, and place on the prepared sheet pan. Roast vegetables, uncovered in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, blot tenderloins with paper towels. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place tenderloins in skillet and cook until lightly browned, about 2 minutes per side. Stir vegetables; nestle tenderloins into vegetables. Brush each tenderloin with 1 tablespoon reserved balsamic mixture and return the sheet pan to the oven. Roast, uncovered, until vegetables are tender and pork is slightly pink in the center, about 20 minutes. The internal temperature of the meat should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Drizzle vegetables and tenderloins with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Cook's Note: Use any combination of root vegetables your family prefers by substituting an equal amount of beets, turnips, or parsnips for some of the carrots.

Title: Chicken Pot Pie Casserole
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup frozen chopped onion, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon table salt, ¾ teaspoon black pepper, 1 ½ cups whole milk, 1 ½ cups chicken broth, 2 ½ cups chopped cooked chicken, 1 (16 ounce) package frozen mixed vegetables (carrots, peas, corn, and green beans) (3 cups), ⅓ cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, 2 (8 ounce) packages refrigerated crescent roll dough (such as Pillsbury®)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Melt butter in a large Dutch oven over medium. Add onion and cook, stirring often, until tender, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in flour, thyme, mustard, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and pepper; cook, stirring constantly, 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gradually stir milk and broth into flour mixture; cook, stirring constantly, until bubbling and thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in chicken, vegetables, and parsley. Remove from heat, and cover to keep warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Unroll crescent dough sheets onto a cutting board. Cut each dough sheet crosswise into 12 (1-inch) strips to get 24 strips total. Roll each strip to form a spiral. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour chicken mixture into a lightly greased 13- x 9-inch baking dish, and arrange dough spirals on top of the filling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until filling is bubbling around edges and crescent dough is golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let stand, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chicken Pot Pie
Ingredients: 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cubed, 1 cup sliced carrots, 1 cup frozen green peas, ½ cup sliced celery, ⅓ cup butter, ⅓ cup chopped onion, ⅓ cup all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon black pepper, ¼ teaspoon celery seed, 1 ¾ cups chicken broth, ⅔ cup milk, 2 (9 inch)  unbaked pie crusts
Instructions: Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C.) Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine chicken, carrots, peas, and celery in a saucepan; add water to cover and bring to a boil. Boil for 15 minutes, then remove from the heat and drain. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While the chicken is cooking, melt butter in another saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until soft and translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in flour, salt, pepper, and celery seed Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Slowly stir in chicken broth and milk. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until thick, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place chicken and vegetables in the bottom pie crust. Pour hot liquid mixture over top. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover with top crust, seal the edges, and cut away any excess dough. Make several small slits in the top crust to allow steam to escape. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until pastry is golden brown and filling is bubbly, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve immediately and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studio

Title: Dad's Leftover Turkey Pot Pie
Ingredients: 2 cups frozen peas and carrots, 2 cups frozen green beans, 1 cup sliced celery, ⅔ cup butter, ⅔ cup diced onion, ⅔ cup all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, ½ teaspoon celery seed, ½ teaspoon onion powder, ½ teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 ¾ cups chicken broth, 1 ⅓ cups milk, 4 cups cubed leftover cooked turkey, 2 (14.1 ounce) packages pastry for a 9-inch double-crust pie
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place frozen peas, carrots, and beans in a saucepan with celery; add enough water to cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until celery is tender, about 8 minutes. Drain. While vegetables are simmering, melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add flour, salt, pepper, celery seed, onion powder, and Italian seasoning and whisk until a paste forms, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in chicken broth and then milk until incorporated; bring to a simmer and cook, whisking constantly, until sauce thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove thickened sauce from the heat; add cooked, drained vegetables and cubed turkey and stir until filling is well combined. Set out two 9-inch pie dishes. Fit one pie pastry into the bottom of each dish. Spoon 1/2 of the pot pie filling into each dish, then lay remaining pie pastries over top. Pinch and roll the top and bottom pastries together at the edges to seal. Use a sharp knife to cut several small slits in each top pastry to allow steam to release while cooking. Place pies on baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Check the top crusts for browning; if they are browning too quickly, cover with aluminum foil. Continue to bake until the crusts are golden brown and the filling is bubbly, 15 to 20 more minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes before serving. Linz

Title: Georgia Pot Roast
Ingredients: 1 1/2 to 3 pounds beef chuck roast, 1 (1 ounce) packet au jus gravy, 1 (1 ounce) packet ranch seasoning, 1 (16 ounce) jar pickled onions, such as Mt. Olive Simply Vidalia Pickled Vidalia® Onion Strips, 4 cups low sodium beef stock, or as needed, 1 tablespoon butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
Instructions: Add chuck roast to a slow cooker (no need to sear it first). Sprinkle roast with au jus packet, ranch seasoning packet. Pour pickled onions over roast. Cover the slow cooker; cook on High for 4 to 6 hours, or on Low 6 to 8 hours. Halfway through the cooking process, if you need to add some liquid, add beef stock as needed. When the roast is impossibly tender and falling apart, remove to shred. Return shredded beef to the liquid. In a bowl, mash butter with flour to make a paste; stir butter mixture into beef and liquid to thicken gravy. Continue to cook for 30 minutes, uncovered. Cook’s Note Turn leftovers into French dip sandwiches! Yum! sweetpealifestlye

Title: Slow Cooker Pot Roast
Ingredients: 4 pounds chuck roast, salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 packet dry onion soup mix, 1 cup water, 3  carrots, chopped, 3  potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1  onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped
Instructions: Season chuck roast with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat; add roast and sear to brown, about 4 minutes per side. Place roast in the slow cooker and sprinkle soup mix on top. Add water, and scatter carrots, potatoes, onion, and celery on top. Cover and cook on Low for 8 to 10 hours.

Title: Mississippi Pot Roast
Ingredients: 1 (3 pound) chuck roast, ½ (12 ounce) jar pepperoncini, ½ (12 ounce) jar pepperoncini juice, ½ cup unsalted butter, 1 (1 ounce) packet au jus gravy mix, 1 (0.4 oz) package buttermilk ranch dressing mix, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Combine chuck roast, pepperoncini, pepperoncini juice, butter, au jus mix, ranch dressing mix, salt, and pepper in a slow cooker. Cover and cook on Low until roast is fork-tender, about 8 hours. Remove chuck from slow cooker; shred with 2 forks and serve with gravy. JennCrippen

Title: Air Fryer Potato-Apple Latkes
Ingredients: 2 cups packaged shredded potatoes, 1/2 cup peeled and shredded Granny Smith apple, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon flour, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
Instructions: Stir together potatoes, apple, egg yolk, flour, pepper, and salt in a large bowl. Lightly coat air fryer basket with cooking spray. Drop 4 (1/4-cup) scoops potato mixture into basket. Press gently with a spatula to flatten; lightly coat tops with cooking spray. Set the air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cook latkes, turning halfway through, until browned on both sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Repeat with remaining potato mixture. Garnish with sliced green onion and serve with sour cream or crème fraîche.

Title: Old-Fashioned Potato Cakes
Ingredients: 2 cups mashed potatoes, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1  onion, diced, 1  egg, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ cup vegetable oil, or as needed
Instructions: Mix mashed potatoes, flour, onion, egg, black pepper, and salt in a bowl until well combined, similar to a batter consistency. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat. Drop 4-inch circles of batter into the hot oil. Cook until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes per side; drain on paper towels. Repeat with any remaining batter. Baking Nana Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Potato Pancakes
Ingredients: 4 large potatoes, 1  yellow onion, 1  egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon salt, ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, or more as needed, 1 cup vegetable oil for frying, or as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to low, about 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Finely grate potatoes and onion into a large bowl. Drain off any excess liquid. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix in egg, salt, and pepper. Add enough flour to make the mixture thick, about 2 to 4 tablespoons all together. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat 1/4 inch oil in the bottom of a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Drop two or three 1/4-cup mounds of batter into hot oil, and flatten with back of a spatula to make 1/2-inch-thick pancakes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fry, turning pancakes once, until golden brown. Transfer pancakes to a plate lined with a paper towel to drain. Keep warm in the oven until serving. Repeat until all potato mixture is used. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve warm, enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil used.

Title: Grandma Oma's Creamy German Potato Salad
Ingredients: 5 pounds Yukon gold potatoes or other waxy potatoes, 5 ounces yellow onions, diced, 7 large eggs, 4 jarred German Wiener or Vienna sausages, sliced (see Note), 7 ounces pickles, such as Hengstenberg Crunchy Gherkins, 2 cups vegetable broth or chicken broth, 1 cup pickle juice, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar or apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon white sugar, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley or as needed for garnish (optional), sliced pickles for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. AllRecipes / Qi Ai Add potatoes with skin on to a large pot; fill with enough water to cover potatoes completely. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium, and cook until potatoes are easily pierced with a fork, 20 to 30 minutes. Drain potatoes, but do not rinse. Peel potatoes when cool enough to handle, leaving them whole. Cover and refrigerate until ready to prepare the salad, ideally overnight. AllRecipes / Qi Ai Heat a pot of water until boiling. Carefully drop in the cold eggs using a spoon and boil for 7 minutes and 22 seconds. Drain; pour cold water over eggs to stop the boiling process. Peel immediately under cold, running water, shells should come off easily. Let eggs cool; dice 5 eggs for salad, and cut 2 eggs into wedges for garnish; set aside. AllRecipes / Qi Ai Meanwhile, slice potatoes 1/4-inch thick, and combine with diced onion in a large bowl. AllRecipes / Qi Ai Combine diced pickles and Wiener sausages in a separate bowl. AllRecipes / Qi Ai Stir broth, pickle juice, vinegar, and mustard together in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add salt, pepper, and sugar to taste. Let cool slightly, then pour over potato-onion mixture and let marinate for 10 minutes. Fold in mayonnaise. Stir in diced egg and pickle mixture. AllRecipes / Qi Ai Serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve. Garnish with egg wedges, pickle slices, and parsley before serving. AllRecipes / Qi Ai

Title: Bang Bang Potato Salad
Ingredients: 8 cups cold water, 2 1/2 pounds waxy potatoes (such as Yukon Gold potatoes), peeled and cut into 3/4-inch pieces, 2 tablespoons, plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons whole buttermilk, 2 tablespoons Sriracha chili sauce, plus more for drizzling, 1 tablespoon sweet Thai chili sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 4 hard-cooked eggs, peeled and quartered, 1 large celery stalk, finely chopped, sliced scallions, on an angle
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring water, potatoes, and 2 tablespoons salt to a boil in a large Dutch oven or medium pot over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-high and cook, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are just fork-tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain potatoes and place in a large bowl; gently toss with butter and remaining 1 teaspoon salt. Refrigerate, uncovered, until completely cool, about 45 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir together mayonnaise, buttermilk, chili sauce, Thai chili sauce, and rice vinegar in a medium bowl until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add eggs and celery to potatoes; gently stir mayonnaise mixture into potatoes until well combined; top with scallions and drizzle with Sriracha. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Easy Deviled Egg Potato Salad
Ingredients: 1 pound potatoes (for 2 cups diced cooked potatoes), 4 large hard boiled eggs, mashed, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons minced onions, 1 tablespoon mustard, 1 stalk celery, diced
Instructions: Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain. When potatoes are cool enough to handle, peel and cut into 1/2-inch cubes. Add potatoes, eggs, mayo, mustard, onion and celery to a bowl and stir until well combined. Chill at least 1 hour prior to serving. From the Editor: Here's everything you need to know to make Perfect Hard Boiled Eggs .

Title: Creamy Cajun Potato Soup
Ingredients: 5 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 pound andouille smoked sausage, cut into round slices, 4 cups vegetable broth or chicken broth, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, or as needed, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Place potatoes in a large microwave-safe bowl with a few tablespoons water, and cook on High, stopping occasionally to stir potatoes, until nearly tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Meanwhile, heat butter and olive oil in a large stock pot over medium heat. Add onion, celery, bell pepper, and garlic, and cook and stir until onion begins to turn translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in andouille, and cook for about 5 minutes more. Pour in vegetable broth; bring to a simmer, add potatoes, and cook until potatoes are fork-tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in cream; season to taste with Cajun seasoning, and cook just until heated through. Serve hot in bowls; sprinkle each bowl with Parmesan cheese.

Title: Potato Soup with Chorizo
Ingredients: 1 (9 ounce) roll Mexican chorizo, 1/3 cup chopped onions, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 cup diced potatoes, 1/2 tablespoon chicken bouillon granules (such as Knorr®), 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 1/3 cup heavy cream, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Combine chorizo and onions in a soup pot over medium heat and cook until onions are soft and translucent and chorizo is fully cooked, 7 to 8 minutes. Add garlic and cook until garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute more. Add chicken broth, potatoes, chicken granules, cumin, and oregano. Bring to a boil and simmer until potatoes are fork tender, 6 to 10 minutes. Reduce heat and stir in heavy whipping cream. Season with salt and pepper.

Title: Polish Potato Soup
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 ounces Polish kielbasa sausage, quartered and sliced 1/4-inch thick, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 2 ribs celery, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 2 carrots, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, 2 1/2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 1/2 cups water, or as needed, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste, 3/4 cup diced dill pickle, 1/4 cup pickle juice, 1/2 cup chopped fresh dill, divided, 1/3 cup sour cream
Instructions: Heat oil in a soup pot over medium heat and add kielbasa. Cook, stirring, for a few minutes to flavor the oil. Add onions, celery, and carrots, and cook, stirring, until onions turn translucent, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, quarter potatoes and cut into 1/4-inch thick slices. Transfer about 1/3 of the potatoes into cold water, and reserve in the refrigerator until needed. Stir remaining sliced potatoes into the vegetables. Add broth, water, salt, pepper, cayenne, pickles, pickle juice, and half the fresh chopped dill. Raise the heat to high, and wait for soup to start to simmer. While soup is coming up to temperature, stir in sour cream. Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender, 40 to 45 minutes. Use a potato masher to break up potatoes. Drain and add the reserved sliced potatoes, and let soup simmer until potatoes are very soft and tender, about 40 to 45 minutes more. During the last 30 minutes, be careful to stir gently to maintain whole pieces of potato. Taste for seasoning and adjust. Stir in remaining dill, and serve immediately, garnished with more sour cream and dill. John Mitzewich

Title: 4 Ingredient Lemon Pound Cake
Ingredients: 3 large eggs, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 4 teaspoons lemon zest (optional), 1 1/4 cups self-rising flour
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x5-inch loaf pan with nonstick spray, line bottom and sides with parchment paper, and spray again with nonstick cooking spray. Set aside. Whisk eggs, sweetened condensed milk, lemon juice, and lemon zest in a bowl. Add flour and mix just until flour is moistened. Pour batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 55 to 65 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack before removing from the pan.

Title: Rose Petal Pound Cake
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 cup butter, room temperature, 1 ⅔ cups white sugar, 5  eggs, room temperature, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 3 tablespoons ground almonds, 1 teaspoon rosewater, 2 drops red food coloring, 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar, for dusting
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 9-inch tube pan. Sift together flour and salt; set aside. Beat butter in a mixing bowl until light and fluffy; it should be noticeably lighter in color. In a separate bowl, beat sugar and eggs together until doubled in volume. Mixture should be thick and lemon-colored. Add sifted flour and salt gradually to the egg mixture, mixing until fully combined. Fold in creamed butter and mix thoroughly. Divide batter into two equal parts. Into one part, add the almond extract and the ground almonds. To the other part, add the rosewater and the red food coloring. Spoon batters alternately into the prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven until a cake tester comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes. Let cake cool for 15 minutes; then remove from pan to cool completely. Dust with confectioner's sugar before serving. Doughgirl8

Title: Homemade Pound Cake
Ingredients: 3 ¼ cups white sugar, ¾ pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 6 extra large eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 cups all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup 1% milk
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour a 12-cup fluted tube pan (such as Bundt). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cream sugar and butter in a large mixing bowl on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add eggs, one at a time, beating for 45 seconds after each addition. Add vanilla extract and beat for 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine flour, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg in a medium bowl. Add 1/2 of the flour mixture to the butter mixture and mix on low speed until just blended. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add 1/2 cup milk and beat on low speed until just blended. Scrape the sides of the bowl with a spatula between each addition. Repeat with remaining flour mixture and milk. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour batter into the prepared baking pan, filling no more than 2/3 full. Smooth the top with a spoon or a spatula. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean and the cake is just starting to pull away from the sides of the pan, about 1 hour and 25 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove from the oven and allow to cool for about 15 minutes before inverting onto a plate. Allow to cool completely before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Marinated Pretzels
Ingredients: 1 (15 ounce) package pretzels, ¾ cup olive oil, 1 (1 ounce) package dry ranch-style dressing mix, 3 tablespoons garlic powder, 3 tablespoons dried dill weed
Instructions: Break the pretzels into a large bowl. Blend olive oil, ranch-style dressing mix, garlic powder, and dill weed in a medium bowl; pour the mixture over pretzels. Let pretzels marinate for 1 hour, tossing approximately every 10 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread marinated pretzels on a large cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes. Allow the pretzels to cool, then serve.

Title: Crescent Roll Pretzels
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package refrigerated crescent roll dough (such as Pillsbury®, 8 cups water, 3 tablespoons baking soda, 1 small egg, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, ¼ teaspoon coarse salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside. Combine 8 cups water and baking soda in a large pot and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once boiling, reduce heat and keep water at a simmer. Start at the large end and roll each crescent roll triangle into a large rope, about 12 inches long. Form rope into the shape of a pretzel. Using a spider strainer, lower 1 pretzel at a time into the simmering water for 7 to 8 seconds. Place pretzels on parchment lined baking sheet. Combine egg and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Brush each pretzel with egg mixture. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes. Remove from oven. Brush each pretzel with melted butter and sprinkle with coarse salt while still hot.

Title: Air Fryer Pretzel Crescent Rolls
Ingredients: 1 quart water, ¼ cup baking soda, 1 (8 ounce) package refrigerated crescent roll dough, pretzel salt, cooking spray
Instructions: Place a large stock pot over high heat. Add water and bring to a boil over high heat. Meanwhile shape crescents into desired shape and preheat air fryer to 350° Preheat an air fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line the air fryer basket with a fitted piece of parchment. Generously spray with cooking spray. Once water is boiling, carefully add baking soda (it WILL bubble up!). Lower crescent rolls into the brine with a spider strainer; boil for 5 seconds. Transfer onto the parchment paper in the air fryer basket. Sprinkle with salt. Air fry until crescent rolls are cooked through and golden, about 12 minutes. Serve immediately. Cook's Note: Not all air fryers operate alike. If you're concerned with the pretzels burning, you CAN follow the same steps and oven bake for 18 to 20 minutes at 350 degrees C (175 degrees C) but it won't have the crispy texture that comes from the air fryer,

Title: Chef John's Perfect Prime Rib
Ingredients: 1 (4 pound) bone-in prime rib roast (room temperature), ¼ cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, kosher salt to taste
Instructions: Place prime rib roast on a plate and bring to room temperature, 2 to 4 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Combine butter, pepper, and herbes de Provence in a bowl; mix until well blended. Spread butter mixture evenly over entire roast. Season roast generously with kosher salt. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roast the 4-pound roast in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. (If your roast is larger or smaller than 4 pounds, multiply the exact weight times 5 minutes.) Turn the oven off and, leaving the roast in the oven with the door closed, let the roast sit in the oven for 2 hours. Remove roast from the oven, slice, and serve. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: The Perfect Prime Rib Roast
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried dill weed, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt (Optional), 3 pounds prime rib roast, ribs removed and trussed onto roast, or more to taste
Instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place a rack inside a roasting pan. Mix garlic powder, onion powder, dill weed, pepper, and salt together in a bowl; rub onto roast, including the ribs. Place roast, rib-side down, onto rack in roasting pan. Bake roast in the preheated oven for 45 minutes. Turn off oven, keeping the door closed the entire time, and keep roast in oven for 3 hours. Turn oven back to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and cook roast until an internal temperature of 145 degrees F (65 degrees C) is reached, 30 minutes more.

Title: Reverse-Sear Prime Rib Roast
Ingredients: 1 (10 pound) bone-in standing rib roast, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, ½ cup butter, softened, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Season roast generously with kosher salt. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove roast from the refrigerator and allow to come to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Mix butter, rosemary, thyme, and black pepper together in a small bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread butter mixture over roast. Place roast in a large roasting pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake roast in the preheated oven until internal temperature reaches 115 degrees F (46 degrees C) for medium-rare, about 3 1/2 hours. Remove from the oven and tent with aluminum foil; allow to rest, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, increase the oven temperature to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Once the oven has come up to temperature, uncover rested roast and return it to the oven. Bake until well-browned, 6 to 10 minutes. Slice and serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Pork Carnitas
Ingredients: ¼ cup vegetable oil, 4 pounds pork shoulder, cut into several large pieces, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1  onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon chili powder, ½ teaspoon dried oregano, ½ teaspoon ground cumin, 4 (14.5 ounce) cans chicken broth
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat vegetable oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat. Season pork shoulder pieces with salt, then arrange in the Dutch oven. Cook until browned on all sides, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in onion, garlic, lime juice, chili powder, oregano, and cumin. Pour in chicken broth; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until pork is very tender, about 2 1/2 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Transfer pork shoulder to a large baking sheet; reserve cooking liquid. Drizzle a small amount of cooking liquid over pork pieces and lightly season with salt. Bake pork in the preheated oven until browned, about 30 minutes. Drizzle more cooking liquid every 10 minutes; use two forks to shred pork as it browns. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Instant Pot Carnitas
Ingredients: 1 (6 pound) pork butt roast, 1 ½ tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, ½ teaspoon chile powder, ½ teaspoon paprika, 2 tablespoons olive oil, or more to taste, 1 cup orange juice, 1  onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, diced, or more to taste
Instructions: Trim excess fat from pork butt; cut pork into 2-inch cubes and transfer to a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine salt, oregano, cumin, black pepper, chile powder, and paprika in a small bowl. Rub pork cubes with spice mixture. Coat seasoned pork cubes lightly in olive oil; transfer to a pressure cooker. Cover pork cubes with orange juice, onion, and garlic. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover pork cubes with orange juice, onion, and garlic. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place lid on the pressure cooker and lock; bring to full pressure over medium heat until pork is no longer pink in the center, about 60 minutes. Let pressure come down naturally, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove pork from the pressure cooker and shred meat. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Pumpkin Coconut Bread
Ingredients: 2 cups white sugar, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil or melted butter, 4  eggs, 1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin puree, 3 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons salt, ½ teaspoon ground cloves, 1 ½ teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, ⅔ cup water, 1 cup flaked coconut, ½ cup chopped walnuts
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9 x 5 inch loaf pans. Mix together sugars, oil, and eggs. Mix in pumpkin. Add flour, salt, soda, and spices, and then water. Stir together until just moistened. Stir in coconut and nuts. Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake for 60 minutes, or until tester inserted in the center comes out clean.

Title: Chef John's Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Bread
Ingredients: 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin puree (NOT pumpkin pie filling), 1/2 cup white sugar, 3/4 cup packed light brown sugar, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 large eggs, 1/2 cup dark or semi-sweet chocolate chips, 1/4 cup pumpkin seeds
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Butter a 9x5-inch loaf pan. Whisk flour, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and nutmeg together in a bowl. In another bowl, combine pumpkin, white sugar, brown sugar, vegetable oil, milk, and eggs. Whisk together until smooth. Add the flour mixture, and whisk in gently until the flour almost disappears. Stir in the chocolate chips and pumpkin seeds until evenly distributed. Use a spatula to transfer batter into the prepared loaf pan. Tap the pan on the table a few times to bring air bubbles to the surface. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick or wooden skewer inserted near the center comes out clean, 60 to 70 minutes. Let cool in the pan about 45 minutes; remove to a wire rack to cool completely before slicing. Chef John

Title: Downeast Maine Pumpkin Bread
Ingredients: 1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin puree, 4 large eggs, 1 cup vegetable oil, ⅔ cup water, 3 cups white sugar, 3 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ teaspoon ground cloves, ¼ teaspoon ground ginger
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9x5-inch loaf pans. Whisk flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and ginger together in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix pumpkin puree, eggs, oil, water, and sugar in a separate bowl until well blended. Stir flour mixture into pumpkin mixture until just blended. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour batter into the prepared pans. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Perfect Pumpkin Pie
Ingredients: 1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin puree, 1 (14 ounce) can Eagle Brand Sweetened Condensed Milk, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon ground ginger, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 (9 inch) unbaked pie crust
Instructions: Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk pumpkin puree, condensed milk, eggs, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt together in a medium bowl until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour into crust. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue baking until a knife inserted 1 inch from the crust comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Studios

Title: Libby's Famous Pumpkin Pie
Ingredients: 1 (9 inch) unbaked deep-dish pie crust, ¾ cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground ginger, ¼ teaspoon ground cloves, 2 large eggs, 1 (15 ounce) can LIBBY'S® 100% Pure Pumpkin, 1 (12 fluid ounce) can NESTLE® CARNATION® Evaporated Milk
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Combine sugar, cinnamon, salt, ginger, and cloves in small bowl. Beat eggs lightly in large bowl. Stir in pumpkin and sugar-spice mixture. Gradually stir in evaporated milk. Pour into pie shell. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue to bake until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean, 40 to 50 more minutes. Remove from the oven and set on a wire rack to cool to room temperature. Serve cooled pie immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve. (Do not freeze as this will cause the crust to separate from the filling.)

Title: Homemade Fresh Pumpkin Pie
Ingredients: 1 ⅓ cups all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ cup shortening, 3 tablespoons cold water, or more as needed, 2 cups mashed, cooked pie pumpkin, 1 (12 fluid ounce) can evaporated milk, 2 large eggs, beaten, ¾ cup packed brown sugar, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon, or more to taste, ½ teaspoon ground ginger, or more to taste, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, or more to taste, ½ teaspoon salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Make the pastry crust: Mix flour and salt together in a bowl. Cut in shortening with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Mix in 3 tablespoons water, one at a time, until dough is moist enough to hold together. Add up to 1 more tablespoon water if needed. Shape dough into a ball with lightly floured hands. Roll dough on a lightly floured surface to a thickness of 1/8 inch. Place a 9-inch pie pan upside-down on the dough; use a sharp knife to cut a circle of dough 1 1/2 inches larger than the pie pan. Remove and discard dough scraps and set pie pan aside. Gently roll circular piece of dough around the rolling pin; transfer it right-side up over the pie pan. Unroll, easing dough into the bottom of the pan. Use two hands to flute the dough around the top edges. Make the filling: Beat pumpkin, evaporated milk, brown sugar, eggs, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer until well combined. Pour into the prepared crust. Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted into the filling 1 inch from the edge comes out clean, 40 to 60 minutes. Cover the edges with foil if needed to prevent from burning as the filling cooks. Remove from the oven and cool to room temperature before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To Prepare Mashed Pumpkin: Cut a fresh pie pumpkin in half. Scoop out and discard seeds and stringy portions. Leave skin on and cut pumpkin into chunks. Measure out 1 1/2 pounds for this recipe to yield 2 cups of mashed, cooked pumpkin. If your pumpkin is larger, consider cooking 3 pounds and doubling the pie recipe above to make two pies. Place pumpkin chunks in saucepan over medium heat with 1 inch water; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain and cool. Remove and discard peel. Return pumpkin to the saucepan and mash with a potato masher or use a food mill until smooth.

Title: Cajun Spiced Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
Ingredients: 1 cup raw whole pumpkin seeds, washed and dried, 1 teaspoon paprika (Optional), ¾ teaspoon Cajun seasoning, or to taste, salt to taste, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon butter, melted
Instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Toss pumpkin seeds with paprika, Cajun seasoning, and salt until coated. Mix Worcestershire sauce with melted butter in a small bowl, pour over seeds, and stir to to combine. Spread seeds onto a baking sheet in a single layer. Roast seeds in the preheated oven until browned and crunchy, 45 minutes to 1 hour; stir and turn seeds several times during roasting.

Title: Toasted Pumpkin Seeds
Ingredients: 2 cups raw whole pumpkin seeds, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon salt
Instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spread the pumpkin seeds on a medium baking sheet. Drizzle with oil. Sprinkle with salt. Bake 45 minutes in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally, until lightly toasted.

Title: Cinnamon Toast Pumpkin Seeds
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups pumpkin seeds, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ¼ teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons white sugar
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place pumpkin seeds into a large bowl. Mix butter, cinnamon, and salt together in a small bowl; pour over seeds and toss until evenly coated. Spread seeds in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally, until seeds are light golden brown, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven; sprinkle sugar over warm seeds and stir until evenly coated.

Title: Hard Cranberry Limeade
Ingredients: 3 fluid ounces cranberry vodka (such as Deep Eddy), 1.5 fluid ounces lime vodka (such as Absolut® Lime), ice, as needed, 4 ounces lemon-lime soda (such as Sprite®), or as needed, 1 lime slice, for garnish
Instructions: Combine cranberry vodka and lime vodka in a tall glass. Add ice, top off with Sprite, and stir. Garnish with lime slice.

Title: Mulled Cranberry Juice
Ingredients: 4 cups cranberry juice cocktail, 1/4 cup white sugar, 3 whole cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, plus more for serving, 1 or 2 small navel oranges, thinly sliced, plus more for serving
Instructions: Combine cranberry juice cocktail, granulated sugar, whole cloves, cinnamon stick, and orange slices in a 4-quart saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil; stir until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 to 20 minutes. Allow to cool slightly, and ladle into punch cups. Float one orange slice in each cup and garnish with a cinnamon stick. Serve warm. Cook’s Note If you wish, eliminate the sugar and stir in 1/2 cup of Cointreau or other orange flavored liqueur, after taking the mixture off of the heat, prior to serving.

Title: Grinch Punch
Ingredients: 2 quarts lime sherbet, sitting at room temperature for a few minutes to soften, 1 (1 liter) bottle chilled lemon-lime soda (such as Sprite®), 8 cups (1/2 gallon) chilled Hawaiian Punch® Green Berry Rush® juice drink, 2 cups chilled pineapple juice, plus more for coating glass rims, 1 glass red sanding sugar, for coating glass rims
Instructions: Scoop softened lime sherbet into the bottom of a large punch bowl. Pour the lemon-lime soda, Hawaiian Punch, and 2 cups pineapple juice over the sherbet and stir. Place red sanding sugar in a shallow dish, and some additional pineapple juice in a separate shallow dish. Dip the rims of your serving glasses in the pineapple juice, then in the sanding sugar to coat the rims generously. Ladle the punch into the prepared glasses.

Title: Juicy Roasted Chicken
Ingredients: 1 (3 pound) whole chicken, giblets removed, salt and black pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon onion powder, or to taste, ½ cup butter, 1 stalk celery, leaves removed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place chicken in a roasting pan; season generously inside and out with onion powder, salt, and pepper. Place 3 tablespoons of butter in chicken cavity; arrange dollops of remaining butter on the outside of chicken. Cut celery into 3 or 4 pieces; place in the chicken cavity. Bake chicken uncovered in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from the oven and baste with drippings. Cover with aluminum foil and allow to rest for about 30 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Slow Cooker Pot Roast
Ingredients: 4 pounds chuck roast, salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 packet dry onion soup mix, 1 cup water, 3  carrots, chopped, 3  potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1  onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped
Instructions: Season chuck roast with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat; add roast and sear to brown, about 4 minutes per side. Place roast in the slow cooker and sprinkle soup mix on top. Add water, and scatter carrots, potatoes, onion, and celery on top. Cover and cook on Low for 8 to 10 hours.

Title: Maple Salmon
Ingredients: ¼ cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, ¼ teaspoon garlic salt, ⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pound salmon
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir maple syrup, soy sauce, garlic, garlic salt, and pepper together in a small bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut salmon into 4 equal-sized fillets; place in a shallow glass baking dish and coat with maple syrup mixture. Cover the dish and marinate salmon in the refrigerator for 30 minutes, turning once halfway. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place the baking dish in the preheated oven and bake salmon uncovered until flesh easily flakes with a fork, about 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes information for the full amount of the marinade ingredients. Depending on marinating time, ingredients, cooking method, etc., the actual amount of the marinade consumed will vary.

Title: Air Fryer Chicken Quesadillas
Ingredients: 2 cups shredded cooked chicken, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 8 (8 inch) flour tortillas, 2 cups grated cheese (see Note), 16 wooden toothpicks, olive oil cooking spray
Instructions: Preheat an air fryer to 360 degrees F (180 degrees C), according to manufacturer’s guidelines. Toss chicken with chili powder, cumin, and cayenne in a bowl. Place a tortilla on a work surface and cover half the tortilla with about 2 tablespoons grated cheese. Top with 2 tablespoons chicken mixture, then top with 2 additional tablespoons grated cheese. Fold tortilla in half and use wooden picks to hold the tortilla halves together. Spray both sides of the filled tortilla with olive oil spray. Air fry quesadillas in a single layer until tortillas are lightly browned and cheese is melted, about 4 minutes per side. You may have to cook in batches. Serve warm with your favorite toppings. Cook’s Note Use cheese that melts easily, or a combination of cheeses, such as Monterey Jack, Cheddar, or Pepper-Jack. Queso asadero may also be used. For best results, buy bulk cheese and grate at home. Pre-grated cheese may have an anti-caking agent that may cause the cheese not to melt smoothly.

Title: Air Fryer Quesadillas
Ingredients: 2 flour tortillas, 1/2 cup shredded cheese, nonstick cooking spray
Instructions: Heat tortillas in the microwave until pliable, about 15 seconds. Place 1/4 cup cheese on one half of each tortilla; fold other half of tortilla over cheese. Place in air fryer. Spray with non-stick cooking spray. Set temperature to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place quesadillas in the basket of the air fryer, and cook until golden brown, 4 to 6 minutes. Flip quesadillas, press down with a spatula, and air fry an additional 2 to 3 minutes.

Title: Sheet Pan Quesadillas
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1  onion, chopped, 1  green bell pepper, chopped, 1  red bell pepper, chopped, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast, chopped, 2 tablespoons water, 1 (1.12 ounce) package fajita seasoning mix, 8 flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend, 4 tablespoons sour cream, for serving, 4 tablespoons pico de gallo, or to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and bell peppers and cook until they are just beginning to soften, about 2 minutes. Remove from skillet with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add chicken to the same skillet and cook until no longer pink on the outside, about 3 minutes. Return onion and bell peppers to the skillet. Stir in water and fajita seasoning. Cook and stir until the chicken has completely cooked through. On a half sheet pan, place 6 tortillas around the edges of the pan so that about half of each tortilla hangs over the side. Place another tortilla in the center to cover the pan completely. Using a slotted spoon, top with the chicken, onion, and pepper mixture in an even layer (being careful not to add too much liquid from the skillet). Finally, sprinkle cheese evenly over the chicken mixture. Place another tortilla in the center on top of all fillings, then fold each tortilla over the toppings towards the center. Place a second half baking sheet on top of tortillas (this will help the quesadilla hold its shape). Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Remove the top baking sheet and continue baking until the tortillas are golden and crispy, 8 to 12 more minutes. Slice into rectangles and serve topped with sour cream, pico de gallo, and cilantro, if desired. Cook’s Note These quesadillas are easy to customize with whatever filling you prefer. Use shredded rotisserie chicken to speed things up, or try black beans and corn for a vegetarian option.

Title: Crustless Spinach Quiche
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach - thawed, drained, and squeezed dry, 5 large eggs, beaten, ¼ teaspoon salt, ⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 cups shredded Muenster cheese
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9-inch pie pan. AllRecipes / Ana Cadena Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 3 minutes. Stir in spinach and continue to cook until excess moisture has evaporated. AllRecipes / Ana Cadena Whisk together eggs, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Add Muenster cheese and spinach mixture and stir until well blended. AllRecipes / Ana Cadena Pour into the prepared pan. AllRecipes / Ana Cadena Bake in the preheated oven until eggs have set, about 30 minutes. AllRecipes / Ana Cadena Remove from the oven and let cool for 10 minutes before serving. AllRecipes / Ana Cadena Serve hot and enjoy! AllRecipes / Ana Cadena

Title: Spinach Quiche
Ingredients: ½ cup butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 1 (4.5 ounce) can mushrooms, drained, 1 (6 ounce) package herb and garlic feta, crumbled, 1 (8 ounce) package shredded Cheddar cheese, divided, salt and pepper to taste, 1  deep-dish pie shell, 4  eggs, 1 cup milk
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Melt butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until lightly browned, about 7 minutes. Stir in spinach, mushrooms, feta, and 1/2 cup Cheddar. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon mixture into the pie shell. Whisk eggs and milk together in a medium bowl until combined. Season with salt and pepper. Pour over the spinach mixture in the pie shell, allowing egg mixture to thoroughly combine with spinach mixture. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Sprinkle the top with remaining Cheddar and bake until set in center, 35 to 40 minutes longer. Allow to cool 10 minutes before slicing and serving.

Title: Loaded Vegetarian Quiche
Ingredients: 1 (9 inch) deep-dish pie crust, 1 tablespoon olive oil, ½ cup sliced onion, ½ cup chopped green bell pepper, ½ cup mushrooms, sliced, ½ cup chopped zucchini, 1 large tomato, sliced, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 3 large eggs, beaten, ½ cup milk, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 ½ cups shredded Colby-Jack cheese
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake pie crust in preheated oven until firm, about 8 minutes. Remove crust from the oven and set aside. Reduce oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, bell pepper, mushrooms, and zucchini and cook, stirring, until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove vegetables from skillet and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle tomato slices with flour and basil; cook in the skillet over medium heat for 1 minute per side. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk eggs, milk, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread 1 cup cheese in the bottom of pie crust. Layer vegetable mixture over the cheese, then top with tomato slices. Pour egg mixture over top and sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cool 5 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note: The magazine version of this recipe may be slightly different than the online version. Please follow directions carefully for whichever version you are using.

Title: Crustless Grilled Cheese
Ingredients: 8 slices white sandwich bread, 4 slices Cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons softened butter, or as needed
Instructions: Spread a thin layer of butter onto 1 side of each slice of bread. Using a round cookie cutter that is slightly smaller than the sandwich sealer, press out round slices of cheese. Lay 4 slices of bread on a work surface, buttered side down. Place a cheese round in the center of each slice. Top with remaining 4 bread slices, buttered side up. Center a sandwich sealer over a sandwich, press the sealer down, and hold it in place to seal the edges, 15 to 30 seconds. Pull the crusts away from the sealer; discard. Repeat with remaining sandwiches. Place sandwich discs on a parchment-lined baking sheet and freeze for 2 hours before transferring into a freezer bag. Preheat the air fryer to 380 degrees F (193 degrees C). Cook frozen sandwiches until golden, about 5 minutes. If sandwiches are thawed, cook 3 minutes at 370 degrees F (188 degrees C).

Title: S’Mores in a Bag
Ingredients: 2 snack-sized bags of cookies, such as Nutter Butter®, Teddy Grahams®, Mini Oreos® or Nilla Wafers®, 1 1/2 ounces chocolate candy bar, broken into pieces, such as Reese’s® Peanut Butter Cups or Hershey’s® chocolate bar, 6 jumbo marshmallows
Instructions: Open snack bags and add chocolate candy pieces. Roast 3 marshmallows over a campfire or grill according to desired degree of doneness; add marshmallows to bag. Allow the warmth of the marshmallows to melt the chocolate, mix cookie-marshmallow mixture around slightly, and serve immediately. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: 3-Ingredient Baked Goat Cheese Dip
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) goat cheese log, 2 cups marinara sauce, ¼ teaspoon kosher or sea salt (optional), ¼ cup fresh basil, cut into ribbons
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Press goat cheese to fit the shape of a small baking dish, leaving a 1-inch border around the edge. Gently spoon marinara sauce around the border, taking care to cover the edge of goat cheese but not the middle. Sprinkle with salt. Bake in the preheated oven until goat cheese is hot and soft and marinara sauce is hot and bubbling, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with freshly chopped basil.

Title: Easy Quinoa Salad
Ingredients: 2 cups water, 1 cup quinoa, ¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil, 2  limes, juiced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more to taste, 1 ½ cups halved cherry tomatoes, 1 (15 ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed, 5  green onions, finely chopped, ¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Bring water and quinoa to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is tender and water has been absorbed, 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, whisk olive oil, lime juice, cumin, salt, and red pepper flakes together in a small bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine quinoa, tomatoes, black beans, and green onions in a large bowl. Pour dressing over quinoa mixture; toss to coat. Stir in cilantro; season with salt and black pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve immediately or chill salad in the refrigerator. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Quinoa Black Bean Burgers
Ingredients: ¼ cup quinoa, ½ cup water, 1 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained, ½ cup bread crumbs, ¼ cup minced yellow bell pepper, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 ½ teaspoons ground cumin, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce (such as Frank's RedHot®), 3 tablespoons olive oil
Instructions: Bring quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is tender and water has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes. Roughly mash black beans with a fork, leaving some whole black beans, to form a paste-like mixture. Mix quinoa, bread crumbs, bell pepper, egg, onion, garlic, cumin, salt, and hot pepper sauce into black beans using your hands. Form black bean mixture into 5 patties. Heat olive oil in a large skillet. Cook patties in hot oil until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Autumneyes

Title: Quinoa and Black Beans
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1  onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, ¾ cup quinoa, 1 ½ cups vegetable broth, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, 2 (15 ounce) cans black beans, rinsed and drained, ½ cup chopped fresh cilantro
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix quinoa into onion mixture and cover with vegetable broth; season with cumin, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring to a boil; cover, reduce heat, and simmer until quinoa is tender and broth is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in frozen corn and continue to simmer until heated through, about 5 minutes. Mix in black beans and cilantro. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Koshary
Ingredients: 1 (14.5 ounce) can chickpeas (garbanzo beans), drained and rinsed, ¼ cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, ½ teaspoon ground cumin, ½ (16 ounce) package ditalini pasta, 1 ½ cups short-grain rice, rinsed, cold water, to cover, 1 ½ cups dark brown lentils, water to cover, 1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1  yellow onion, minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 (14 ounce) can crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 (3 ounce) can French-fried onions
Instructions: Combine chickpeas, vinegar, coriander, cayenne pepper, and cumin in a resealable bag or container with a tight-fitting lid. Store in refrigerator while prepping remainder of dish, shaking occasionally. Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a rolling boil. Cook pasta in the boiling water until cooked through yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; drain and set aside. Combine rice with enough cold water to cover; allow to soak for 20 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, combine lentils with enough water to cover in a pot; season with salt and pepper. Bring the lentils to a boil and simmer until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain. Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat; cook and stir onion and garlic in hot oil until translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Add crushed tomatoes; season with salt and pepper, reduce heat to medium-low, and maintain at a simmer while preparing remainder of dish. Melt butter in a pot over medium-high heat; add rice, increase heat to high, and fry for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Pour in chicken stock and bring to a boil. Season with salt and pepper; reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until rice is tender, and the liquid has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Mix rice and lentils together on a large serving platter. Spread cooked pasta over the rice and lentil mixture. Serve with marinated chickpeas, tomato sauce, and French-fried onions. Tips Instead of French-fried onions, you can caramelize 4 large sliced onions in butter and brown sugar for 45 minutes and serve with both kinds of onion. It's sensational!

Title: Turkish Eggs (Cilbir)
Ingredients: 1 cup Turkish or Greek yogurt, at room temperature, 1 clove garlic, ½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon salt, or to taste (Optional), 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 2 ½ tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, or to taste, ½ stick unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon Aleppo chile flakes, ½ teaspoon smoked paprika, ¼ teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon diced jalapeno pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil (Optional), 1 pinch salt (Optional), 1 tablespoon white vinegar, or as needed, 4 large eggs, 1 pinch sea salt
Instructions: To make yogurt spread: Place yogurt in a medium bowl and grate in garlic; mix to combine. Season with pepper, salt, and cayenne. Add dill and mix thoroughly. Set aside at room temperature. To make Aleppo butter: Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat; heat until bubbles begin to burst. Add chile flakes, paprika, and cumin. Stir until color is uniform. Turn off heat and let spices infuse. To make parsley and jalapeño oil: Grind parsley and jalapeño together in a mortar. Drizzle in olive oil and season with salt; stir to combine. To make poached eggs: Fill a large saucepan with 2 to 3 inches of water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, add vinegar, and keep water at a gentle simmer. Crack an egg into a small bowl, then gently slip egg into water, holding the bowl just above surface of water. Repeat with remaining eggs. Cook until whites are firm and yolks have thickened but are not hard, 2 1/2 to 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon, pat dry on a kitchen towel, and place onto a warm plate. Dollop yogurt mixture onto serving plates. Use the back of a spoon to spread yogurt, carving ridges into the top to catch oil. Drizzle some jalapeño oil. Top with eggs and 1 to 2 spoonfuls of Aleppo butter. Sprinkle sea salt on top. Chef's Notes You can use any chile flakes instead of the Aleppo variety. Fried eggs will also work in this recipe if you prefer.

Title: Homemade Pita Bread
Ingredients: 1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast, 1 cup warm water (100 degrees F / 38 degrees C), 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 ½ tablespoons olive oil, 1 ¾ teaspoons salt, 1 ¾ cups all-purpose flour, or as needed, 1 teaspoon olive oil, divided
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place yeast in the bowl of a stand mixer and add 1 cup warm water and 1 cup flour. Whisk together, then let sit until mixture bubbles and foams, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil and salt into the yeast mixture, followed by 1 1/2 cups flour. Mix at low speed, using a dough hook attachment, until dough is soft, supple, and slightly sticky. Knead dough with machine on low speed until slightly springy and still soft, 5 to 6 minutes. If dough sticks to the sides of the bowl, add up to 1/4 cup more flour, a little at a time. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn dough out onto a floured work surface and form into a ball. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Wipe inside of bowl with 1/4 teaspoon olive oil. Turn dough around in bowl to lightly cover with oil; cover bowl with foil and let rise until dough has doubled in size, about 2 hours. Recipe Tip Preheat your oven to 100 degrees F and turn off, then let the dough rise in the oven. Or use your oven's proof setting if you have it. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Once dough has doubled, remove from bowl and place onto a lightly floured work surface. Lightly pat into a flat shape about 1-inch thick. Use a knife to cut dough into 8 equal pieces. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Form each piece into a small round ball with a smooth top, pulling dough from the sides and tucking the ends underneath the bottom. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover dough balls with lightly oiled plastic wrap and let rest for 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer the dough balls to a lightly floured work surface and sprinkle the tops with flour. One at a time, gently pat the dough with your fingers, forming a flat, round disc about 1/4-inch thick. Let the shaped dough rest for 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Brush a cast iron skillet with remaining 3/4 teaspoon olive oil and place over medium-high heat. Lay one round of dough into the hot skillet; cook for 30 seconds, then flip and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Flip again and cook the first side for 1 to 2 minutes more, until both sides are golden brown. Recipe Tip While cooking, the bread will begin to puff up and fill with hot air, though results of each pita will vary. You can encourage a pocket to form by pressing lightly on the dough with a spatula or clean tea towel as it is cooking. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stack cooked breads on a plate; when cool enough to handle, slice breads in half and open the pocket inside for stuffing. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Lobster Ravioli
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, ¾ cup mascarpone cheese, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, divided, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 8 ounces cooked lobster meat, cut into bite-size pieces, ¾ cup bottled clam juice, ½ cup dry white wine, ¾ cup heavy whipping cream, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, fresh herbs, for garnish
Instructions: Place flour in a large bowl and create a well in the center. Add eggs and 1/4 teaspoon salt to well; beat using a fork to break up egg mixture. Slowly begin to incorporate flour into egg mixture, stirring from the center and gradually working outwards until shaggy pieces of dough begin to form. Use your hands to bring shaggy dough pieces together to form a shaggy ball. Transfer shaggy ball and any remaining flour in bowl to a clean work surface. Knead, pressing any loose flour into dough, until dough is smooth and elastic, 10 to 12 minutes. Wrap dough tightly in plastic wrap; let rest at room temperature at least 1 hour or up to 2 hours, or in a refrigerator up to 1 day. (If refrigerating, let come to room temperature before rolling.) Place mascarpone in a small bowl; set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and shallot; cook, stirring often, until softened, about 2 minutes. Stir shallot mixture into mascarpone in bowl along with herbs, lemon zest and juice, pepper, and remaining salt until combined. Gently stir in lobster. Chill, covered, for 15 minutes. While lobster filling chills, unwrap dough, and divide evenly into 2 portions. Place 1 dough portion on a clean work surface; wrap remaining dough portion in plastic wrap. Shape dough into a rectangle; press dough to flatten using heel of hand. Starting with the widest setting, pass dough through pasta machine 2 times. Fold the outer tapered ends of pasta sheet in toward the center like an envelope, so that the width of the pasta sheet is similar to the width of the pasta roller. Pass pasta sheet through widest setting 1 more time. Continue rolling pasta through machine, reducing roller width 1 notch at a time, until sheet is about 1/16-inch thick and you can see the outline of your hand through the sheet. Cut sheet in half crosswise to make them easier to work with. Cover 1 sheet loosely with plastic wrap. Lightly dust work surface with flour and place remaining dough sheet on surface. Leaving a 1-inch edge from the short sides of the dough sheet, place 1-tablespoon mounds of lobster filling 2 inches apart along center of sheet (about 4 to 6 mounds per sheet). Lightly brush dough around lobster filling with water. Loosely lift long edge of dough sheet and fold over filling, lining up edges. Press on dough around each mound to seal and press out air pockets. Using a fluted pastry wheel or pizza cutter, trim the unfolded edge of the ravioli. Cut pasta between mounds to form individual ravioli. Place ravioli on a baking sheet lined with a clean kitchen towel. Cover with a second clean kitchen towel. Repeat process with remaining pasta sheet, dough, and filling. Cut remaining 4 tablespoons butter into 4 pieces. Bring clam juice and wine to a simmer in a large skillet over high heat. Simmer, undisturbed, until reduced to about 1/3 cup, about 7 minutes. Gradually stir in remaining 4 tablespoons butter, one piece at a time, waiting until butter is nearly melted before adding the next piece. Stir in heavy cream. Cook over high heat, stirring often, until sauce is thick enough to lightly coat back of a spoon, about 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes. Remove from heat and cover to keep warm. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Working in 2 batches if needed, boil ravioli until tender, 4 to 6 minutes. Drain. Divide ravioli among 4 plates. Drizzle cream sauce evenly over ravioli. Garnish with herbs. Cook’s Note You can use wonton wrappers, but you're not going to get that springy/al dente bite like you would with fresh pasta. With a soft filling and creamy sauce, there seemed to be too many soft textures, so I went the fresh pasta route. When shaping ravioli, take your time and do your best to remove any air pockets that will burst when cooked.

Title: Homemade Four Cheese Ravioli
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon olive oil, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, ½ cup whole milk ricotta cheese, ¼ cup shredded mozzarella cheese, ¼ cup shredded provolone cheese, 1 tablespoon grated parmesan, 1 large egg, ¾ teaspoon dried parsley, ¼ teaspoon kosher salt, 1⁄8 teaspoon black pepper, cold water, for sealing, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons prepared basil pesto, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 ⅓ cups marinara sauce
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To prepare the ravioli dough: Mound flour on a work surface and form a well in the center. Add eggs, olive oil, and salt to the well and beat together with a fork. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using a fork or your fingers, gradually mix egg mixture into flour, working from the center out and using your other hand to keep the flour mound steady until a thick paste forms. Using your hands, press in remaining flour until a shaggy dough forms. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Knead dough until smooth and elastic, 8 to 10 minutes. (Dough should have consistency of modeling clay and bounce back when poked). Wrap dough in plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature for at least 30 minutes or up to 2 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While the dough is resting, prepare the ravioli filling: Stir ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, provolone cheese, parmesan, egg, parsley, salt, and pepper until well combined. Set the filling aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide dough into 4 even portions; wrap each portion in plastic wrap. Working with one portion at a time, flatten dough to about 1/3½-inch thickness. Roll the dough through a pasta machine at the widest setting. Fold the dough in thirds (like a letter), then run it through the machine at the same setting, folded edge first. Repeat the folding and rolling once more. Continue rolling the pasta twice through each consecutively smaller setting until dough is thin enough for you to see the outline of your hand through it. (Alternatively, if you do not have a pasta machine, roll dough with a rolling pin on a lightly floured work surface until dough is thin enough to see the outline of your hand through it, about 1/32-inch thickness). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut dough sheet in half crosswise. On one half of the dough sheet, drop teaspoonfuls of ravioli filling 1-inch apart. Using your fingertip or a pastry brush, lightly brush dough with water around filling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place second half of the dough sheet over the top and use your fingers to press around each portion of filling to press out any air and make the seal as airtight as possible. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using a sharp knife or pizza wheel, cut between the mounds to form squares (about 2- to 2 ½-inches each). Transfer ravioli to a baking sheet lightly dusted with flour. Repeat rolling and shaping process with remaining 3 dough portions. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To prepare the sauce: Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in garlic and pesto sauce and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in heavy cream; increase the heat to medium-high and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until slightly thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Whisk in Parmesan cheese until melted. Remove from the heat and keep warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, warm marinara sauce in a small saucepan over medium-low, stirring occasionally, until heated through, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil over high heat. Working in batches, add ravioli and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the ravioli float to the top and the filling is hot, 4 to 6 minutes. Drain well. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To serve, divide ravioli between four warmed serving bowls. Drizzle marinara sauce on top, followed by cream sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor This recipe was tested in our test kitchen and updated to use an extra egg in the dough based on user feedback. Parmesan was used in the filling instead of cream cheese to reduce the amount of filling.

Title: St. Louis Toasted Ravioli
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) jar marinara sauce, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons whole milk, ¾ cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs, ½ teaspoon salt (Optional), ½ (25 ounce) package frozen cheese ravioli, thawed, 3 cups vegetable oil for frying, or as needed, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Heat marinara sauce in a saucepan over medium heat until bubbling; reduce the heat to low and simmer until needed. Meanwhile, whisk egg and milk together in a small bowl. Whisk bread crumbs and salt together in a second small bowl. Dip each ravioli in milk mixture, then in bread crumbs to coat. Heat 2 inches oil in a large, heavy pan until a small amount of breading sizzles and turns brown. Fry ravioli, a few at a time, until golden, about 1 minute per side. Drain on paper towels. Sprinkle warm ravioli with Parmesan and serve immediately with hot marinara sauce on the side. Trusted Brands Editor's Note Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of breading ingredients. The actual amount of breading consumed will vary. We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Fresh Orange Juice
Ingredients: 4  oranges
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Lightly smack each orange on the counter. Cut each orange in half and squeeze juice into a glass. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Strawberry Orange Banana Smoothie
Ingredients: 1 cup fresh strawberries, ¾ cup orange juice, 1  ripe banana, 1 cup ice cubes, or as needed
Instructions: Blend strawberries, orange juice, banana, and ice in a blender until smooth and frothy.

Title: Avocado Mango Salsa
Ingredients: 1  avocado - peeled, pitted and diced, 1  lime, juiced, 1  mango - peeled, seeded and diced, 1 small red onion, chopped, 1 habanero chile pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, salt to taste
Instructions: Place avocado in a serving bowl and mix with lime juice. Add mango, onion, habanero, cilantro, and salt; toss until evenly combined. Cook’s Note Remember, always wear gloves when working with habaneros. You can omit the chiles and add red bell peppers for a mild version.

Title: Quick and Easy Refried Beans
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2  garlic cloves, peeled, 2 (15 ounce) cans pinto beans, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, salt to taste, ½  lime, juiced
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat canola oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook garlic cloves in hot oil, turning once, until brown on both sides, 4 to 5 minutes. Smash garlic cloves in the skillet with a fork. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir pinto beans, cumin, chili powder, and salt into mashed garlic and cook until beans are thoroughly heated, about 5 minutes. Stir occasionally. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Smash bean mixture with a potato masher to desired texture. Squeeze lime juice over smashed beans and stir until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Instant Pot Pinto Beans (No Soaking)
Ingredients: 3 slices bacon, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 pound dried pinto beans, rinsed, 1 ½ cups water, ½ cup chopped onions, or to taste (Optional), 2  green chile peppers, 1 ¼ teaspoons garlic powder, 1 ¼ teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon chili powder, ½ teaspoon ground cumin, ½ teaspoon paprika
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Add bacon and cook, turning once, 4 to 6 minutes. Add chicken broth, pinto beans, water, onions, chile peppers, garlic powder, salt, chili powder, cumin, and paprika. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 45 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove bacon and chile peppers; chop to desired consistency and return to the pot. Mash beans with a potato masher until they reach desired consistency.

Title: Refried Beans Without the Refry
Ingredients: 3 cups dry pinto beans, rinsed, 1  onion, peeled and halved, ½  fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 5 teaspoons salt, 1 ¾ teaspoons fresh ground black pepper, ⅛ teaspoon ground cumin, optional, 9 cups water
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place beans, onion, jalapeño, garlic, salt, pepper, and cumin into a slow cooker. Pour in water; stir to combine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook on High until beans are very tender, about 8 hours; add more water as needed. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Strain beans and reserve cooking liquid. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer beans to a large, shallow bowl. Use a potato masher to mash beans, adding reserved cooking liquid as needed to reach desired consistency. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip If more than 1 cup water has evaporated during cooking in step 2, then the temperature is too high.

Title: Easy Cranberry Orange Relish
Ingredients: 1 medium navel orange, 1 (12 ounce) package fresh cranberries, ½ cup white sugar, ⅛ teaspoon ground cinnamon
Instructions: Grate 2 teaspoons of zest from orange; discard remaining peel and pith from orange. Divide orange into sections. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place orange sections, 2 teaspoons orange zest, cranberries, sugar, and cinnamon in a food processor; pulse until finely chopped. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer relish to a bowl. Cover and refrigerate until flavors have blended, at least 2 hours and up to 3 days. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Sweet Zucchini Relish
Ingredients: 12 cups shredded unpeeled zucchini, 4 cups chopped onion, 5 tablespoons canning salt, 6 cups white sugar, 2 ½ cups white vinegar, 1  red bell pepper, chopped, 1  green bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 ½ teaspoons celery seed, ¾ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ¾ teaspoon ground turmeric, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. AllRecipes / Julia Hartbeck Place zucchini and onion in a large, non-metallic bowl; sprinkle salt on top. Use your hands to evenly mix salt with zucchini. Cover and refrigerate overnight. AllRecipes / Julia Hartbeck Drain zucchini in a colander and rinse well with cool water. Squeeze out excess water; set zucchini aside. AllRecipes / Julia Hartbeck Place sugar, vinegar, red and green bell pepper, and cornstarch into a large pot. Add celery seed, nutmeg, turmeric, and black pepper. Stir to combine, then add drained zucchini. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer 30 minutes. AllRecipes / Julia Hartbeck Meanwhile, sterilize seven 1-pint jars and lids. Pack relish into sterilized jars, making sure there are no spaces or air pockets. Fill jars all the way to the top. Screw on the lids. AllRecipes / Julia Hartbeck Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with boiling water. Carefully lower jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary, until the tops of jars are covered by 2 inches of water. Bring water to a full boil, then cover and process for 30 minutes. AllRecipes / Julia Hartbeck Remove jars from the pot and place on a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). AllRecipes / Julia Hartbeck

Title: Sweet and Spicy Pepper Relish
Ingredients: 1 pound medium-hot red chile peppers or red jalapeños, 2 small red or orange bell peppers - stemmed, seeded, ribs removed, ½ large onion, peeled and quartered, 1 ¼ cups white sugar, ¾ cup apple cider vinegar, 1 ½ teaspoons pickling salt
Instructions: Wearing rubber or latex gloves, trim tops off chiles. Pulse chiles, bell peppers, and onion in a food processor, working in batches, until finely chopped, about 1 minute per batch. Transfer to a nonreactive 3-quart pot. Stir sugar, vinegar, and pickling salt into chile mixture; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, stirring more frequently toward the end of cooking to prevent scorching, until thickened, 20 to 30 minutes. Ladle relish into wide-mouth, ½-pint jars, leaving ½ inch headspace. Wipe the rims clean with a damp paper towel. Let cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Screw on the lids and store in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 weeks or the freezer for up to 6 months.

Title: Old Fashioned Rhubarb Pie
Ingredients: 3/4 cup Almond Breeze Vanilla Almondmilk, 1/4 cup Blue Diamond Almond Flour, 1 (9-inch) refrigerated pie crust, at room temperature, 5 1/2 cups fresh or frozen rhubarb, cut into 1/4-inch pieces, thawed if frozen, 1 1/2 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, 1/4 teaspoon salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Roll pie crust into a 9 inch pie plate and crimp the edges. In a large bowl, mix rhubarb and sugar together, then pour into pie crust. Whisk eggs, Almond Breeze Vanilla Almondmilk, Blue Diamond Almond Flour, and salt together in a bowl. Pour over the rhubarb. Bake in the preheated oven until filling is set, 50 to 55 minutes. Allow to cool completely, then slice to serve.

Title: Fresh Rhubarb Pie
Ingredients: 1 ⅓ cups white sugar, 6 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 (14.1 ounce) package double-crust pie pastry, thawed, 4 cups chopped rhubarb, 1 tablespoon butter
Instructions: Gather all ingredients, and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place an oven rack in the lowest position. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Line the bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie plate with one pie crust. Combine sugar and flour in a bowl; sprinkle 1/4 of the sugar mixture over the prepared bottom crust. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heap rhubarb on top and sprinkle with remaining sugar mixture. Dot with butter and cover with top crust. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake pie in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue baking until filling is bubbly and crust is golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve warm or cold. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Strawberry Rhubarb Pie
Ingredients: 1 cup white sugar, ½ cup all-purpose flour, 1 pound rhubarb, cut into 1/4 inch slices, 2 pints strawberries, hulled and quartered, 1 recipe pastry for a 9 inch double crust pie, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 large egg yolk, 2 tablespoons white sugar for sprinkling
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Mix flour and sugar together in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add strawberries and chopped rhubarb. Toss with sugar and flour and let stand for 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour filling into prepared pie crust. Dot top with butter, and cover with top crust. Seal edges of top and bottom crust with water. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Brush egg yolk on top of pie with a pastry brush. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle with sugar. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut several slits in the top crust to allow steam to escape. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly and brown, about 35 to 40 minutes. Cool pie on rack. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Cherry Cola Ribs
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon onion powder, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons cherry cola, 1 (3 pound) rack baby back ribs, membrane removed, 1 1/2 cups cherry cola, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, salt to taste
Instructions: For dry rub, whisk salt, smoked paprika, onion powder, garlic powder, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper together in a small bowl; set aside. For wet rub, whisk mustard, vinegar, and 2 tablespoons cherry cola together in a small bowl; set aside. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with a piece of foil long enough to extend past the rack of ribs by at least 6 inches on both ends. Use large size, heavy-duty foil if possible. Place the ribs, meat side up, on the foil. Brush wet rub over top and sides, and sprinkle about 60% of dry rub over the surface. Turn ribs over and, with the bone side up, brush with wet rub, then sprinkle with all the remaining dry rub. Reserve any wet rub left at this point. Center the ribs lengthwise on the foil, and bring up the ends of the foil, like a boat, and crimp so any juices will stay inside. Crimp the two long edges together over the top of the ribs. The foil doesn’t have to be airtight, but the whole rack should be covered. Bake in the preheated oven for 2 hours. Remove, open the foil, and pour off juices that have accumulated in the foil into a saucepan. Turn the rack meat side up, and brush with wet rub. Enclose again in the foil, and continue to roast at 250 degrees F (120 degrees C) for 1 hour. While meat is cooking, add any remaining wet rub to the juices in the saucepan, then add the 1 1/2 cups cherry cola, ketchup, and 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper. Bring to a simmer on medium high, cook until liquid is reduced by half. Reduce heat further, and simmer liquids very slowly until they eventually thicken and become sauce-like. Once it is the thickness of barbecue sauce, remove from heat entirely. After one hour at 250 degrees F (120 degrees C), remove ribs from the oven, and open out the foil, pressing foil flat to line the pan. Turn the oven temperature up to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Brush ribs with sauce. Return ribs to the oven for 15 minutes. Repeat this process, brushing ribs with sauce every 15 minutes, until ribs are tender and come easily off the bone, about 1 hour more. (See Note) Let ribs rest for about 10 minutes. Slice between each rib with a sharp knife, and serve with extra sauce. Chef John Chef's Notes Here’s a trick for telling whether your ribs are done that I learned from an old pitmaster. During one of the bastings near the end of the cooking time, place a pair of tongs under the full length of the center rib, and gently lift the rack off the baking sheet. If the ends of the rack droop, the ribs are nearly done. If the rack remains stiff, the ribs need more cooking time, and if the rack breaks in the center and falls apart, they are overcooked. The video shows an easy way to remove the membrane from the bone side of a rack of ribs, an optional step I rarely take, but I did for this recipe. Feel free to try other flavors of soda with this recipe, like root beer or ginger ale.

Title: Oven-Baked Baby Back Ribs
Ingredients: ½ cup ancho chile powder, ¼ cup white sugar, ¼ cup brown sugar, ¼ cup salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, ½ teaspoon ground dried chipotle pepper, 1 rack baby back pork ribs, 1 cup barbeque sauce
Instructions: Gather ingredients and preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Mix ancho chile powder, white and brown sugars, salt, black pepper, cumin, dry mustard, cayenne, and chipotle pepper in a small bowl until combined. Place rib rack, meat-side down, on heavy-duty aluminum foil. Prick back of the rack several times with a knife. Generously apply a coating of dry rub to all sides of the rack. Store any remaining dry rub in an airtight container for future use. With the meat facing down, fold foil around the rack to create a tight seal. Transfer to a sheet pan. Bake in the preheated oven until tender and cooked through, about 2 hours. Remove and cool 15 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Open foil, drain and discard any accumulated juices and fat. Brush barbeque sauce on all sides of the rack. Turn the rack on the foil so the meat is facing up. Return to the oven, leaving the foil open and bake for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush another layer of barbeque sauce on the meat side only. Repeat baking and brushing with sauce 4 more times, for a total of 50 minutes baking time. Cut rack into individual rib segments and serve with more barbeque sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip You will not need all of the dry rub for one rack of ribs. Use what you need to coat the rack and store the rest in an airtight container for future use. Editor's Note: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of dry rub. The actual amount of rub consumed will vary.

Title: Prize-Winning Baby Back Ribs
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, salt and pepper to taste, 3 pounds baby back pork ribs, 1 cup barbeque sauce
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat a gas grill for high heat, or arrange charcoal briquettes on one side of the barbeque. Lightly oil the grate. Combine cumin, chili powder, paprika, salt, and pepper in a small jar; close the lid and shake to mix. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Trim the membrane sheath from the back of each rack. Run a small, sharp knife between the membrane and each rib, and snip off the membrane as much as possible. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle as much of the rub onto both sides of ribs as desired. To prevent ribs from becoming too dark and spicy, do not thoroughly rub spices into ribs. Store any unused spice mix in a jar for future use. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place aluminum foil on the lower rack to capture drippings and prevent flare-ups. Lay ribs on the top rack of the grill (away from the coals, if you're using briquettes). Reduce gas heat to low and close the lid; cook ribs, undisturbed as possible, until meat pulls away easily from the bone, about 1 hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Brush ribs with barbecue sauce, and grill for an additional 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve ribs as a whole rack, or cut between each rib bone and pile individually on a platter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of spice mix. The actual amount of spice mix consumed will vary.

Title: Lemon Chicken And Rice Casserole
Ingredients: 4 (6-ounce) bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 1/2 cups uncooked long-grain white rice, rinsed, 1 (10 1/2-ounce) cream of chicken soup, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon, plus more for garnish, 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper, plus more for garnish, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 lemon, sliced into 1/8-inch thick slices, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Season chicken thighs evenly with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat oil in a large oven-safe skillet over medium-high. Add chicken thighs to skillet, skin sides down, and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer chicken thighs to a plate; set aside. Do not wipe skillet clean. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add garlic to drippings in the skillet. Cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, 10 to 20 seconds. Add rice, cream of chicken soup, lemon juice, lemon zest, tarragon, and crushed red pepper; whisk to combine. Gradually add broth, whisking constantly, until combined and smooth. Arrange chicken thighs, skin sides up, over rice mixture and place lemon slices over chicken thighs. Cover tightly with aluminum foil or lid, and transfer to the preheated oven. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until rice is cooked through and a thermometer inserted into thickest portion of chicken registers 165 degrees F (73 degrees C), about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven. Stir rice mixture, and sprinkle with parsley. Divide chicken, lemon slices, and rice evenly among 4 plates. Garnish with additional tarragon and crushed red pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Stuffed Pepper Casserole
Ingredients: non-stick cooking spray, 1 pound ground beef, 1/2 onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 (10-ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chiles (such as RO-TEL®), 1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons taco seasoning, 1 1/2 cups uncooked long grain rice, 1 cup beef broth, 4 ounces Colby cheese, shredded, 4 ounces pepper Jack cheese, shredded
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray a 13x9x2-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, and cook and stir ground beef, onion, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and garlic until meat is browned and crumbly, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain excess fat; season with salt and pepper. Stir in RO-TEL tomatoes, tomato sauce, and taco seasoning. Spread rice in the bottom of the baking dish; pour in beef broth. Fold pepper mixture into rice with a spatula, and spread evenly into the dish. Sprinkle with Colby cheese and pepper Jack cheese. Bake in the preheated oven, covered with foil, until rice is tender, about 50 minutes. Remove foil and cook until cheese is golden, about 5 minutes more.

Title: Cheesy Hamburger Rice Casserole
Ingredients: 1 pound ground beef, 1 (10.75 ounce) can  cream of mushroom soup, 1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes with juice, ½ cup long grain white rice, ¾ cup shredded mozzarella cheese, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Crumble the ground beef into a skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir until evenly browned. Drain off grease, and stir in the cream of mushroom soup, tomatoes, and uncooked rice. Cover, and simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, until rice is cooked, about 15 minutes. Preheat the oven's broiler. When the rice is done cooking, transfer the contents of the skillet to a casserole dish. Cover with a layer of cheese. Broil until the cheese is melted and toasty. Season with salt and pepper to taste, and enjoy!

Title: Cauliflower Rice Pilaf
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2/3 cup diced shallots, 2/3 cup chopped fresh white mushrooms, 3 tablespoons shredded carrots, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric, 1/8 teaspoon curry powder, 1/8 teaspoon paprika, 2 cloves  garlic, minced, 1/2 cup white wine, 2 teaspoons chicken flavor bouillon base, such as Better Than Bouillon® Roasted Chicken Base, 1 pound frozen riced cauliflower, salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley, plus more for garnish
Instructions: Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. When butter sizzles, add diced shallots and cook about 2 minutes. Add chopped mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Add carrots, and sprinkle on turmeric, curry powder, and paprika. Stir in minced garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add white wine and chicken flavor bouillon base. Stir until chicken base is dissolved into the liquid. Cook, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. See Cook's Note. Add frozen riced cauliflower, and use a fork to break up any clumps. Cook, stirring occasionally, until all the liquid is evaporated and cauliflower is tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in fresh minced parsley and place in a serving dish. Garnish with additional parsley, if desired. Cook’s Note Frozen cauliflower releases a lot of water as it cooks. Add the chicken base only, with no extra water.

Title: Sarah's Rice Pilaf
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons butter, ½ cup orzo pasta, ½ cup diced onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, ½ cup uncooked white rice, 2 cups chicken broth
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter in a skillet over medium-low heat. Add orzo; cook and stir until orzo is golden brown. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in onion and cook until onion becomes translucent. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in rice and chicken broth, turn heat to high, and bring to a boil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to medium-low, cover the skillet, and simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Persian Rice
Ingredients: 3 quarts water, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 cups basmati rice, rinsed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1  russet potato, cut into 1/4-inch slices, 1 pinch ground cumin, salt to taste, 3 tablespoons butter, cut into thin slices, or to taste, 1 pinch saffron threads, 1 ½ tablespoons hot water, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, or to taste
Instructions: Place water and kosher salt in a pot; bring to a boil. Add rice; cook and stir for exactly 7 minutes. Drain. Heat olive oil in a pot over medium-high heat. Cover the bottom of the pot with 1 layer of potato slices. Sprinkle cumin and salt over potatoes. Cook until potatoes are sizzling, 2 to 3 minutes; top potatoes with rice to form an even layer. Reduce heat to low and place butter slices over rice. Top the pot with a layer of clean paper towels, then place the lid over the towels. Steam until rice is fluffy, about 45 minutes. Grind saffron threads with a mortar and pestle. Mix crushed saffron with 1 1/2 tablespoons hot water in a large bowl. Add a couple of spoonfuls of rice to saffron mixture and stir until rice is yellow. Spoon remaining rice into a serving bowl. Top with saffron rice and line the edges of the bowl with potatoes. Garnish with parsley. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Chef's Notes You can use vegetable oil instead of olive oil if desired. This is delicious served with anything, but especially with my Duck Fesenjan recipe.

Title: How to Make Arroz con Leche
Ingredients: 2 cups water, 2 (3-inch long) cinnamon sticks, 1 cup uncooked white rice, 1 cup whole milk, 1 (12-ounce can) evaporated milk, 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 1 teaspoon cinnamon for garnish
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine water and cinnamon sticks in a medium saucepan over high heat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until cinnamon releases its color and flavor, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add rice and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in whole milk, evaporated milk, and sweetened condensed milk. Cook uncovered over medium heat until mixture has thickened to desired consistency, 15 to 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve warm or cold. Sprinkle each portion with ground cinnamon. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Creamy Rice Pudding
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups cold water, ¾ cup uncooked white rice, 2 cups milk, divided, ⅓ cup white sugar, ¼ teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, beaten, ⅔ cup golden raisins, 1 tablespoon butter, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Pour water into a saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat; stir in rice. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Combine cooked rice, 1 ½ cups milk, sugar, and salt in a clean saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring often, until thick and creamy, about 15 minutes. Stir in remaining 1/2 cup milk, beaten egg, and raisins; cook 2 minutes more, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and stir in butter and vanilla until combined; serve warm. Laura Retyi

Title: Best Old-Fashioned Creamy Rice Pudding
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups cooked rice, 2 cups milk, divided, ¼ teaspoon salt, ⅔ cup golden raisins (Optional), 1  egg, beaten, ⅓ cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Place cooked rice in a medium saucepan. Add 1 1/2 cups milk and salt; cook and stir until thick and creamy, 15 to 20 minutes. Add remaining 1/2 cup milk, golden raisins, beaten egg, and white sugar; continue cooking, stirring continuously, until well blended, 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove saucepan from heat; stir in butter and vanilla extract.

Title: Zucchini and Asparagus Orzo Risotto
Ingredients: 2 ½ cups vegetarian chicken-flavored broth, 2 cups low-sodium vegetable broth, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, ½ medium yellow onion, diced, ¾ teaspoon red pepper flakes, sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper to taste, 1 zucchini, halved lengthwise and sliced, 2 cups uncooked orzo pasta, ¼ cup dry white wine, 1 hard cheese rind, ½ teaspoon sea salt, 1 bunch fresh asparagus, trimmed and cut into 2-inch pieces, 1 cup frozen peas, ½ cup finely grated Grana Padano cheese, ½ cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 lemon, zested and juiced
Instructions: Pour vegetarian chicken broth and vegetable broth into a saucepan over over medium heat; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer and cover until needed. Melt butter and oil together in a 12-inch skillet over medium heat. Add onion, pepper flakes, and a pinch of sea salt and pepper; cook and stir until onion has softened. Add zucchini and a pinch of sea salt; cook and stir until zucchini has softened. Stir in orzo pasta and continue to cook, stirring often, for a few minutes. Pour in wine, stirring as it bubbles until the rapid bubbling stops. Pour in hot broth and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and add cheese rind and 1/2 teaspoon sea salt. Cook and stir until a good portion of liquid has been soaked up by the orzo, about 10 minutes. Stir in asparagus and frozen peas and continue to simmer until nearly all of the liquid is gone and orzo is fully cooked, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in grated cheese, parsley, lemon zest and juice, and desired amount of cracked pepper. Remove and discard cheese rind. Taste and adjust seasonings as desired.

Title: Creamy Wild Mushroom Risotto
Ingredients: 2 ounces dried chanterelle mushrooms, 1 ½ teaspoons butter, 1 teaspoon truffle oil (Optional), 1  chopped onion, 2  shallots, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 3 ounces sliced fresh button mushrooms, 1 (12 ounce) package Arborio rice, ½ cup dry white wine, 1 quart hot chicken stock, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons crumbled Gorgonzola cheese, or to taste, ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Cover chanterelle mushrooms with hot water, cover, and set aside to soften for 30 minutes. Once soft, remove mushrooms from water and chop; discard water. Melt butter along with truffle oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, shallot, and garlic; cook and stir two minutes until the onion begins to soften. Add fresh mushrooms; continue cooking until mushroom softens and begin to release their liquid. Stir in chopped chanterelle mushrooms, and cook 3 minutes more. Add Arborio rice; cook and stir for a few minutes until rice looks glossy and is well coated with onion mixture. Stir in white wine and cook until nearly evaporated. Reduce heat to medium; add 1/3 of the hot chicken stock. Cook and stir until chicken stock has been mostly absorbed, about 5 minutes. The risotto should be simmering gently while you stir in chicken stock. Add 1/2 of the remaining stock, and stir for 5 minutes more. Finally add remaining stock, and continue cooking until risotto is creamy and rice is tender, about 5 minutes more. The rice should not be completely soft, but still have a little firmness when you bite into it. You can add a little water if needed to cook the rice to this state. Remove risotto from the heat, and stir in heavy cream and Gorgonzola cheese. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and serve.

Title: Parmesan Risotto
Ingredients: 1 ½ tablespoons olive oil, 1 ½ tablespoons butter, 1  shallot, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup Arborio rice, ½ cup dry white wine, 3 cups hot vegetable stock, ⅓ cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, salt to taste, freshly ground white pepper to taste
Instructions: Heat olive oil and butter in a large sauté pan over medium-high heat until butter is melted. Reduce heat to medium-low and add shallot and garlic. cook and stir until shallots are translucent but not brown, about 5 minutes. Pour in rice and stir until the rice is coated in oil and has started to toast, about 5 minutes. Pour in wine and let it simmer until it has mostly evaporated, then stir in one-third of the boiling vegetable broth ; continue stirring until the rice has absorbed the liquid and turned creamy. Repeat this process twice more, stirring constantly. Stirring in the broth should take 15 to 20 minutes in all. When finished, the rice should be tender yet firm to the bite. You may not need all the vegetable stock. Remove from heat. Stir in Parmesan cheese, parsley, salt, and white pepper until well combined. Serve immediately.

Title: Homemade Beef Jerky
Ingredients: ¾ cup Worcestershire sauce, ¾ cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, or to taste, 1 tablespoon honey, or more to taste, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 2 pounds beef top round, thinly sliced
Instructions: Whisk together Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, smoked paprika, honey, black pepper, red pepper flakes, garlic powder, and onion powder in a large bowl. Add beef; mix until completely coated with marinade. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator, 3 hours to overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 175 degrees F (80 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place a wire rack on top. Transfer beef to paper towels to dry. Discard marinade. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange beef slices in a single layer on the prepared wire rack on the baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until dry and leathery, 3 to 4 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut jerky with scissors into bite-sized pieces. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Editor's Note: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of marinade ingredients. The actual amount of marinade consumed will vary.

Title: Cheese Crisps
Ingredients: 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Shred generous amounts cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange cheese in 24 small heaps on the prepared baking sheets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 7 minutes. Cool for 5 to 10 minutes before removing from baking sheets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Hawaiian-Style Kalua Pork
Ingredients: 1 (4 1/2 pound) bone in pork shoulder roast, 4 teaspoons liquid hickory smoke, 3 tablespoons sea salt, 1 (!4 ounce) package frozen banana leaves, thawed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place pork in a large bowl and rub all over with liquid smoke. Sprinkle salt over meat, and rub in until evenly coated. Set aside. Place banana leaves on the counter, arranging them in a spiral, overlapping pattern, so once pork is placed on the leaves, they can be folded up and over to fully encase the meat. Place pork on the center of leaves, fat side down, and wrap the meat with the seams coming together at the top. Once wrapped, pick up and invert the entire package, seam side down, into a Dutch oven. Any extra banana leaves can be tucked in around the sides. Bake, covered, in the preheated oven for about 4 hours, or an instant-read thermometer inserted near the center reads 195 to 200 degrees F (91 to 93 degrees C). Let pork rest in the Dutch oven for 30 to 60 minutes, then remove the meat to a bowl. Pull meat off the bone, and set bone aside. Add any and all cooking liquids and rendered fat into the bowl of pork. Use two forks to shred meat as finely as you like. Taste for seasoning; adjust with more salt or liquid smoke to taste. Arrange banana leaves in the pot to make a nest for the meat. Transfer shredded pork in and serve immediately. John Mitzewich Chef's Notes: The amount of salt needed will depend on the size of pork shoulder, but a good estimate is 2 teaspoons coarse salt per 1 pound meat. Roasting time will also will depend on size of pork shoulder, so check for doneness with a probe thermometer.

Title: Sous Vide Corned Beef
Ingredients: 1 (3 pound) corned beef brisket with spice packet
Instructions: Fill a large pot with water and place a sous vide immersion cooker into the water. Set the temperature to 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions. Rinse corned beef under cool water to remove excess salt, then pat dry. Sprinkle seasoning on fatty side and press into beef. Place corned beef into a large vacuum bag; seal using a vacuum sealer. Place the sealed bag into the water and set a timer for 48 hours. Transfer corned beef to a cutting board and slice across the grain. Recipe Tip This method works the same for a 4- to 5-pound corned beef. If you don't own a vacuum sealer, you can use a plastic zip-top freezer bag. To seal your bag, slowly lower it into the water, letting the water pressure force the air out of the bag, then seal it.

Title: The Perfect Prime Rib Roast
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried dill weed, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt (Optional), 3 pounds prime rib roast, ribs removed and trussed onto roast, or more to taste
Instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place a rack inside a roasting pan. Mix garlic powder, onion powder, dill weed, pepper, and salt together in a bowl; rub onto roast, including the ribs. Place roast, rib-side down, onto rack in roasting pan. Bake roast in the preheated oven for 45 minutes. Turn off oven, keeping the door closed the entire time, and keep roast in oven for 3 hours. Turn oven back to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and cook roast until an internal temperature of 145 degrees F (65 degrees C) is reached, 30 minutes more.

Title: Baked Honey Mustard Chicken
Ingredients: cooking spray, 6  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, salt and pepper to taste, ½ cup honey, ½ cup prepared mustard, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon paprika, ½ teaspoon dried parsley
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Place in the prepared baking dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine honey, mustard, basil, paprika, and parsley in a small bowl; mix well. Pour 1/2 of the honey mustard mixture over chicken and brush to cover. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Turn chicken pieces over and brush with remaining honey mustard mixture. Continue baking until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear, 10 to 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Let cool 10 minutes before serving. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Carrot Soufflé
Ingredients: 1 pound carrots, coarsely chopped, ½ cup butter or margarine, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ¾ cup white sugar
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 2-quart casserole dish. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add carrots and cook until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and mash. Stir in butter, vanilla extract, and eggs; mix well. Sift flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar together. Stir into carrot mixture and blend until smooth. Transfer to the prepared casserole dish. Bake for 45 minutes.

Title: Baked Apricot Chicken
Ingredients: 1 cup apricot preserves, 1 cup French dressing, 1 (1 ounce) package dry onion soup mix, 12  chicken thighs
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Stir apricot preserves, dressing, and soup mix together in a medium bowl until combined. Place chicken thighs in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Pour apricot mixture over chicken and bake, uncovered, in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone reads 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), 50 to 60 minutes.

Title: Lacinato Kale Salad with Warm Bacon Vinaigrette
Ingredients: 2 bunches lacinato kale, 1/3 cup thinly sliced red onion (see Note), 1/2 cup chopped dried apricots, 1/2 cup blanched slivered almonds, 1/2 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and sliced into thin strips, 3 slices bacon, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil (see Note), 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 pinch salt, or to taste, 1 pinch freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste
Instructions: Wash kale in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Using a sharp knife, remove stems and coarse veins, and chop kale into bite-sized pieces. Place chopped kale and red onion slices in a large salad bowl, and set aside. For dressing, cook bacon in a skillet over medium heat until browned and crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove bacon from the skillet, chop, and reserve. To the bacon drippings in the same skillet, add only enough olive oil to equal 1/4 cup. Heat the combined drippings and the olive over medium heat until hot. Stir in the minced garlic and cook about 30 seconds. Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, salt and pepper to taste, and red pepper flakes, to taste. Pour mixture over torn kale and onion slices, and stir until well coated with the hot dressing. Add chopped apricots, blanched slivered almonds, and red bell pepper strips. Give the salad a final toss, and garnish with reserved chopped bacon.

Title: Green Goddess Pasta Salad Is the Only Thing We’re Bringing to Potlucks
Ingredients: 16 ounces pasta, 1 cup frozen peas, 12 spears green asparagus, chopped into bite-sized pieces, 2 to 3 green onions, chopped, 1/2 cup crumbled feta, or to taste, fresh herbs to garnish, chopped or torn (basil, parsley, mint, chives), 1 cup baby spinach, 1 cup fresh basil, 1 small handful of chives, 1 small shallot, roughly chopped, 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1/4 cup raw cashews, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons nutritional yeast, 2 lemons, juiced, or to taste, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1/2 cup olive oil, or as needed, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Bring a pot of heavily salted water to a boil over medium-high heat. Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to package instructions, or until the pasta is al dente. Drain the pasta. Transfer the pasta to a large bowl to allow to cool. Meanwhile, combine spinach, basil, chives, shallot, garlic, cashews, Parmesan cheese, nutritional yeast, vinegar, and lemon juice in the container of a blender. Pulse to start blending. Add olive oil in a stream to emulsify to desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Steam peas and asparagus until they slightly soften and become bright green, 2 to 3 minutes. (You can opt to blanch your vegetables here as well, or simply microwave with a little water for the same amount of time.) Remove from heat, rinse with cold water, drain, and transfer on top of the pasta along with the green onions. Add the dressing over the pasta and vegetables and toss gently to combine. You may or may not use all of it depending on how coated you like the pasta. Add feta and herbs, and taste for seasoning. Enjoy immediately or refrigerate for 30 minutes before serving.

Title: Cucumber Salad with Labneh, Za’atar, and Mint
Ingredients: 1/4 cup labneh, 1/4 cup chopped fresh mint, plus leaves for garnish, 2 tablespoons za'atar spice, 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 English cucumbers, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 teaspoon lemon zest
Instructions: In a bowl, stir together labneh, mint, za’atar, lemon juice, oil, salt, and pepper. Stir in cucumbers; toss to coat. Garnish with lemon zest and additional fresh mint leaves.

Title: Roasted Butternut Squash Salad
Ingredients: 1 medium butternut squash, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed, 6 slices bacon, 1 cup sliced onion, 8 cups chopped romaine lettuce, ⅓ cup pecans, toasted and chopped, ⅓ cup raisins, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, or to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Brush cut sides of butternut squash with olive oil. Wrap each squash half tightly in aluminum foil. Roast squash halves in the preheated oven until they begin to soften, about 20 minutes. Remove squash from the oven and let sit until cool enough to handle. Remove foil and slice into 3/4-inch thick slices. Remove skin from each slice and cut into 3/4-inch cubes. Set aside 8 cups of the cubed squash, reserving any remaining squash for another use. Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until crispy, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove bacon and drain on paper towels. Add onions to the skillet and cook in the bacon grease for 2 to 3 minutes. Add 8 cups squash and cook, tossing occasionally, until onions are soft and beginning to caramelize, and squash cubes are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Place romaine lettuce in a large serving bowl; crumble bacon on top and add pecans and raisins. Add butternut squash-onion mixture; toss to combine. Drizzle with maple syrup and serve warm. Recipe Tip You can cook the butternut squash on an outdoor grill over indirect heat, if you prefer.

Title: Greek Couscous Salad
Ingredients: ½ cup water, ¼ cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, ½ cup pearl (Israeli) couscous, 1 cup canned chickpeas (garbanzo beans), rinsed and drained, ¼ cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes, ¼ cup sliced Kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons crumbled feta cheese, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 ½ teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Pour water and chicken broth into a saucepan; stir in the garlic and bring to a boil. Stir in pearl couscous, cover the pan, and remove from heat. Allow couscous to stand until water has been absorbed, about 5 minutes; fluff with a fork. Allow couscous to cool to warm temperature. Lightly toss couscous, chickpeas, sun-dried tomatoes, olives, and feta cheese in a large serving bowl. To make the dressing: Mix white wine vinegar, lemon juice, oregano, and black pepper in a small bowl until well combined. Pour over couscous mixture; toss again to serve.

Title: Pecan Chicken Salad
Ingredients: ½ cup mayonnaise, ½ cup plain Greek yogurt, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, ¼ teaspoon dried thyme, 1/2 teaspoon Park Hill maple pepper (such as Savory Spice Shop), 2 cups chopped cooked chicken, 2 stalks celery, sliced, ⅓ cup chopped toasted pecans, 2 tablespoons minced red onion
Instructions: Mix mayonnaise, Greek yogurt, vinegar, garlic powder, thyme, and maple pepper together in a bowl until well combined. Add chicken, celery, pecans, and red onion; stir well to incorporate. Serve immediately or refrigerate for up to 3 days.

Title: Salisbury Steak
Ingredients: 1 ½ pounds ground beef, 1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed French onion soup, ½ cup dry bread crumbs, 1  egg, ¼ teaspoon salt, ⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, ¼ cup ketchup, ¼ cup water, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, ½ teaspoon mustard powder
Instructions: Combine ground beef, 1/3 cup condensed soup, bread crumbs, egg, salt, and black pepper in a large bowl. Shape into 6 oval patties. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat; add patties and brown on both sides. Drain excess fat. Blend remaining soup and flour together in a small bowl until smooth; mix in ketchup, water, Worcestershire sauce, and mustard. Pour soup mixture over patties in the skillet. Cover, and cook for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Tammy Lynn

Title: Hamburger Steak with Onions and Gravy
Ingredients: 1 pound ground beef, ¼ cup bread crumbs, 1  egg, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, ½ teaspoon seasoned salt, ½ teaspoon onion powder, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, ⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup thinly sliced onion, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 cup beef broth, 1 tablespoon cooking sherry, ½ teaspoon seasoned salt
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix ground beef, bread crumbs, egg, Worcestershire sauce, salt, onion powder, garlic powder, and pepper together in a large bowl until combined. Form into 8 balls and flatten into patties. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add patties and onion; fry until patties are nicely browned, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer beef patties to a plate, and keep warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle flour over onions and drippings in the skillet. Stir in flour with a fork, scraping bits of beef off of the bottom of the skillet as you stir. Gradually mix in beef broth and sherry. Season with seasoned salt. Simmer and stir over medium-low heat until gravy thickens, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to low, return patties to the gravy, cover, and simmer until cooked through, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Slow Cooker Salisbury Steak
Ingredients: 2 pounds lean ground beef, ½ cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs, ¼ cup milk, 1 (1 ounce) envelope dry onion soup mix, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 (10.5 ounce) cans condensed cream of chicken soup, ¾ cup water, 1 (1 ounce) packet dry au jus mix
Instructions: Combine ground beef, bread crumbs, milk, and onion soup mix together in a large bowl until well combined; shape into 8 patties. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Dredge patties in flour just to coat, and quickly brown on both sides in the hot skillet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place browned patties into the slow cooker stacking alternately like a pyramid. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix condensed soup, water, and au jus mix together in a medium bowl; pour over the beef patties. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook on Low until ground beef is well done, about 4 to 5 hours. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Salmon Caesar Salad
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) salmon filet, 2 teaspoons oil, 2 teaspoons honey, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 anchovies, 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1/2 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 slices day-old bread, cut into cubes, 1/2 teaspoon italian seasoning, 1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 head Romaine lettuce, torn into bite-sized pieces, shaved Parmesan cheese for garnish
Instructions: Set a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Heat 2 teaspoons oil until it shimmers. Add salmon, skin side down. Brush with honey; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover and cook for 4 minutes. Carefully flip salmon and reduce the heat to medium. Continue cooking until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 5 minutes more. Remove salmon to a plate or container; cover and refrigerate until very cold, at least 2 hours. For dressing, crack an egg into a food processor. Add lemon juice, Worcestershire, Dijon, garlic, anchovies, grated Parmesan and black pepper; pulse to combine. With food processor running, drizzle in oil until mixture emulsifies. Refrigerate dressing until needed. For croutons, melt butter in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add bread cubes; sprinkle with Italian seasoning and granulated garlic. Toast until croutons are browned, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; set aside. For salad, add lettuce to a large bowl. Flake salmon with a fork into bite-sized pieces and add to the bowl. Drizzle with Caesar dressing; top with croutons and shaved Parmesan.

Title: Smoked Salmon Dip
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 6 ounces smoked salmon, diced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1/2 tablespoon finely chopped capers, 1 tablespoon finely chopped red onion
Instructions: Stir cream cheese, salmon, dill, lemon zest, lemon juice, capers, and red onion together in a large bowl until well blended. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Garnish with additional dill, if desired.

Title: Watermelon-Serrano Salsa
Ingredients: 1 cup chopped Roma tomatoes, 1 cup diced watermelon, 1/4 cup diced red onion, 1/4 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons minced red serrano pepper, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Instructions: Stir together tomatoes, watermelon, red onion, lime juice, cilantro, serrano pepper, salt, and black pepper in a bowl. Serve immediately or chill, covered, up to 2 hours. Cook’s Note Fruit salsa is best if served within 2 hours because the fruit waters out and thins the salsa. If you are making this ahead, wait to add the salt until just before serving.

Title: Almond and Parsley Salsa Verde
Ingredients: ⅔ cup roasted, salted almonds, finely chopped, 1 bunch flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup olive oil
Instructions: Combine chopped almonds and parsley on a cutting board; chop together again until very finely chopped. Transfer almond mixture to a bowl and add garlic. Stir olive oil into almond mixture until a thick sauce forms.

Title: Beef Samosas
Ingredients: 2 large potatoes, peeled, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, ½ teaspoon cumin seeds, 1  bay leaf, crushed, 1 pound ground beef, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon chili powder, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon ground cardamom, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 quart oil for deep frying, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped green chile peppers, 1 (16 ounce) package phyllo dough
Instructions: Bring a medium saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil. Stir in potatoes and peas; cook until potatoes are tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, mash together, and set aside. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add cumin seeds and bay leaf; stir until fragrant and seeds are browned. Add ground beef and onions; cook until beef is browned and crumbly and onions are soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in garlic and ginger. Season with salt, cumin, coriander, turmeric, chili powder, cinnamon, cardamom, and black pepper. Stir in the mashed potato mixture. Remove from heat and chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour, or until cool. Heat 1 quart of oil in a deep saucepan over medium heat. Mix cilantro and green chile peppers into potato and beef mixture. Place approximately 1 tablespoon of the mixture onto each phyllo sheet. Fold sheets into triangles, pressing edges together with moistened fingers. Lower samosas carefully into the hot oil in batches. Fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Repeat with remaining samosas. Serve warm. Recipe Tip Chicken livers can be used instead of beef livers if preferred. Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. Amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Sambusa
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1  leek, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon water, or as needed, 1 (14 ounce) package spring roll wrappers, 1 quart oil for frying, or as needed
Instructions: Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion, leek, and garlic in hot oil until onion is transparent. Add ground beef; cook and stir until still slightly pink and about halfway done. Season with cumin, cardamom, salt, and pepper; mix well. Continue cooking until beef is browned and crumbly. Remove the skillet from heat. Mix together flour and water in a small bowl to make a thin paste. Using one wrapper at a time, fold into the shape of a cone. Fill cone with beef mixture, close the top, and seal with paste. Repeat until wrappers or filling are used up. Heat oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 365 degrees F (170 degrees C). There should be enough oil to submerge sambusas. Fry sambusas, a few at a time, in hot oil until golden brown. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Recipe Tip You can substitute shredded beef for the ground beef if you like. Editor's Note: We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. Amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Easy Baked Indian Samosas
Ingredients: 4  potatoes, peeled and cubed, ¼ cup vegetable oil, 2 small onions, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons coriander seed, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger, grated, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, ½ teaspoon ground allspice, ½ teaspoon cayenne pepper, ⅛ teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 Roma (plum) tomatoes, finely chopped, ½ cup frozen peas, 2 (14.1 ounce) packages double-crust pie crusts, thawed, 2 large egg whites, beaten, or as needed
Instructions: Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and transfer potatoes to a large bowl; mash coarsely, then set aside. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir onions, coriander seed, curry powder, ginger, salt, turmeric, cumin, allspice, cayenne pepper, and cinnamon in hot oil until onion is lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from heat and stir in tomatoes and peas. Pour into coarsely mashed potatoes and mix until thoroughly combined. Cool filling completely. Cut each pie crust into 8 equal triangles. Spoon filling onto the wide end of each triangle; fold corners over filling to create a triangle-shaped hat. Pinch dough together to form a seal. Brush beaten egg whites over each samosa and arrange on baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until samosas are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Recipe Tip You can make these ahead by skipping the egg brushing and freezing the uncooked samosas until you're ready, then baking them at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes.

Title: Ritz Cracker Cookies
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) jar peanut butter, 1 (16 ounce) package buttery round crackers, 1 pound semisweet chocolate, chopped
Instructions: Spread 1 teaspoon peanut butter on a cracker and top with another cracker. Place chocolate in top of double boiler; stir frequently over medium heat until melted. Place cracker sandwiches onto a fork and dip into the chocolate. Drain excess chocolate and cool on waxed paper. Store in refrigerator or cover and freeze until ready to serve. Cook’s Note Use any kind of melted chocolate you prefer and decorate with colored sprinkles.

Title: Cookie Ice Cream Sandwiches
Ingredients: 1 (15.25 ounce) package chocolate cake mix, ½ cup butter, softened, 2  eggs, ½ cup semisweet chocolate chips, ½ cup butterscotch chips, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ½ gallon vanilla ice cream, softened
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease baking sheets. Mix cake mix, butter, eggs, chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, and vanilla in a large bowl. Roll dough into 2-inch balls and place them 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake for 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Do not overbake; the cookies should be set, but still soft. Let cool on the baking sheet for a few minutes before removing to finish cooling on wire racks. Using an ice cream scoop, mold ice cream into a ball about the size of the cookies. Place scoop of ice cream between two cookies and gently press together. If you like a smooth edge, run the back of a spoon around the edge of the ice cream sandwich. Working quickly, fill all of the cookies, lay out on a baking sheet, and place in the freezer to harden. Serve when the ice cream has frozen solid. Sandwich cookies can be stored in a freezer bag for up to two weeks.

Title: Linzer Tarts
Ingredients: 1 ¼ cups unsalted butter, softened, ⅔ cup white sugar, 2 cups sifted all purpose flour, 1 ¾ cups ground almonds, ⅛ teaspoon ground cinnamon, 5 tablespoons raspberry jam, or as needed, 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar for decoration, or as needed
Instructions: Beat butter and sugar in a mixing bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Mix in 1/2 cup flour, then ground almonds and cinnamon. Mix in remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, until well combined and dough stiffens a bit. Divide dough in half and form each half into a disk. Wrap each disk tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Working with one dough disk at a time, roll dough on a lightly floured surface to a thickness of 1/8 inch. Use a 2 1/2-inch round cookie cutter to cut as many circles from the dough as you can; you should have about 12. Arrange dough circles 1 inch apart onto a prepared baking sheet. Place the baking sheet into the refrigerator. Knead any leftover scraps into a ball and roll out again into a 1/8-inch-thick sheet. Cut out more circles; you should have about 12 more circles. Place the second batch of circles onto the second baking sheet. Use a 1/2-inch round cookie cutter to cut out the center from 1/2 of all the cookies. Bake cookies in the preheated oven until light brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer to a wire rack to cool for 20 minutes. Spread a thin coating of jam onto the bottom sides of the fully round cookies. Place a cut-out cookie on top of each one, pressing together to form a sandwich. Return to the wire rack and repeat to form 11 more cookies. Sift confectioners' sugar over the cookies, then spoon a dab of jam into the cut-out part of each cookie.

Title: Crustless Grilled Cheese
Ingredients: 8 slices white sandwich bread, 4 slices Cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons softened butter, or as needed
Instructions: Spread a thin layer of butter onto 1 side of each slice of bread. Using a round cookie cutter that is slightly smaller than the sandwich sealer, press out round slices of cheese. Lay 4 slices of bread on a work surface, buttered side down. Place a cheese round in the center of each slice. Top with remaining 4 bread slices, buttered side up. Center a sandwich sealer over a sandwich, press the sealer down, and hold it in place to seal the edges, 15 to 30 seconds. Pull the crusts away from the sealer; discard. Repeat with remaining sandwiches. Place sandwich discs on a parchment-lined baking sheet and freeze for 2 hours before transferring into a freezer bag. Preheat the air fryer to 380 degrees F (193 degrees C). Cook frozen sandwiches until golden, about 5 minutes. If sandwiches are thawed, cook 3 minutes at 370 degrees F (188 degrees C).

Title: Hot Honey Butter Cream Cheese Stuffed Bagel
Ingredients: 1 bagel, 1 ounce cream cheese, cut into 8 slices, 1 tablespoon hot honey or regular honey, plus more for drizzle, 1 tablespoon butter, flaky salt (optional)
Instructions: Preheat an air fryer to 390 degrees F (199 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions. Make 8 small cuts in the bagel, taking care not to cut all the way through, to create small openings. Add a piece of cream cheese in each crevice around the bagel. Combine honey and melted butter in a small dish and coat the stuffed bagel liberally. Sprinkle with salt. Place bagel in the air fryer until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Drizzle with more honey if desired.

Title: Chopped Italian-Style Sandwiches
Ingredients: 4 hoagie rolls, 1 Romaine lettuce heart (about 2 cups chopped), 4 ounces thinly sliced Black Forest ham, 2 ounces sliced Genoa salami, 4 ounces sliced provolone cheese, 1 large tomato, sliced, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced (about 1/2 cup), 1/4 cup sliced jarred banana peppers, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper
Instructions: Split each roll and scoop out inside, leaving a 1/2-inch shell. Arrange lettuce in an even layer on a large cutting board or work surface. Top evenly with ham, salami, cheese, tomato, onion, and banana peppers. Using a large knife, chop through ingredients until mixture is evenly chopped and combined. Whisk together mayonnaise, olive oil, vinegar, oregano, and black pepper in a small bowl. Pour over lettuce mixture; chop to combine. Spoon mixture into prepared rolls.

Title: Sparkling Peach Sangria
Ingredients: 1 (750 ml) bottle Prosecco, well chilled, 2 peaches, thinly sliced, 1 cup Cointreau liqueur, 2 limes, thinly sliced, divided, 1 tablespoon torn fresh mint leaves, 1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, finely grated, 12 ounces sparkling water, or to taste, 2 tablespoons mint leaves for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Early in the day, refrigerate prosecco. Combine peach slices, Cointreau, half of lime slices, mint leaves, and grated ginger in a container with a lid. Refrigerate at least 6 hours, making sure peaches are submerged in liquid. When ready to serve, pour peach mixture into a large serving pitcher and add prosecco. Stir briefly to combine. Place some of the fruit in each glass, add sangria, and top with 2 ounces sparkling water, or to taste. Garnish with reserved lime slices and additional mint leaves, if desired.

Title: Sparkling Mango Pineapple Sangria
Ingredients: 1/2 cup pineapple juice, 1/2 cup mango juice, 1/2 cup pineapple rum, 1/2 cup mango rum, 1/2 fresh pineapple - peeled, cored, and cut into chunks, 2 mangos - peeled, seeded, and sliced, 1 (750mL) bottle Prosecco sparkling wine
Instructions: Stir pineapple juice, mango juice, pineapple rum, mango rum, chunked pineapple, and mango slices together in a large pitcher. Chill for 2 to 4 hours. Add Prosecco before serving. Stir and serve cold.

Title: Sangria! Sangria!
Ingredients: 1 (750 milliliter) bottle dry red wine, ½ cup brandy, ½ cup triple sec, ⅓ cup frozen lemonade concentrate, ⅓ cup orange juice, ¼ cup lemon juice, ¼ cup white sugar (Optional), 1 medium orange, sliced into rounds, 1 medium lemon, sliced into rounds, 1 medium lime, sliced into rounds, 8  maraschino cherries, 2 cups carbonated water (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix red wine, brandy, triple sec, lemonade concentrate, orange juice, lemon juice, and sugar together in a bowl. Add orange, lemon and lime slices, and maraschino cherries. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve immediately over ice, or refrigerate 8 hours to overnight for best flavor. For a fizzy sangria, add club soda just before serving. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tip You can use ginger ale instead of club soda if preferred.

Title: Chorizo Breakfast Casserole
Ingredients: cooking spray, 1 lb fresh Mexican chorizo, casings removed, 1 orange bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 poblano chile, finely chopped, 8 large eggs, 2 cups half and half, 2 teaspoons garlic salt, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon chili powder, 1 cup shredded mild Cheddar cheese, 1 cup shredded pepper Jack cheese or quesadilla cheese, 5 cups refrigerated shredded hash browns, 2 avocados, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1/4 cup thinly sliced scallions
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly coat a 13- x 9-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat a large skillet over medium-high. Add chorizo, and cook, stirring to break up meat into small pieces, until browned, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. Do not wipe skillet clean. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add bell pepper and poblano to drippings in skillet; cook over medium, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together eggs, half-and-half, garlic salt, onion powder, black pepper, and chili powder in a large bowl until fully combined. Stir in sausage, bell pepper and poblano, and cheeses until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread hashbrowns in an even layer in prepared baking dish. Pour egg mixture over hashbrowns, pressing to fully submerge hash browns. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in preheated oven until eggs are set in center and top is golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes. Top evenly with avocado slices. Sprinkle evenly with scallions. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Cajun Chicken and Sausage Gumbo
Ingredients: 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, 2 1/2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 cup vegetable oil, divided, 1 pound andouille sausage, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 large white onion, finely chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 pepper jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic. minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, or to taste, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, or 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 pound sliced okra, 4 cups cooked rice, or as needed, for serving, sliced green onions for serving
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place chicken in a baking dish and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning and garlic powder. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink at the center and juices run clear, 50 to 60 minutes. Allow to cool slightly and shred chicken into 1 to 2-inch pieces. Set aside. Meanwhile, add 2 teaspoons oil and sausage to a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until sausage is browned, about 5 minutes. Remove sausage using a slotted spoon to drain on paper towels; set aside. Reserve drippings in the pot. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add remaining oil to the pot and whisk in flour. Cook, stirring often, until roux is dark brown, about 1 hour. Add onion, peppers, celery, garlic, and salt to the roux. Increase heat to medium-high and cook, stirring constantly, until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in remaining Cajun seasoning, stock, bay leaves, black pepper, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, and thyme, and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Add reserved chicken and sausage, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for 20 minutes. Stir in okra and cook for 20 minutes. Serve with hot cooked rice and green onions.

Title: Sausage Stuffed Onions
Ingredients: 3 large red onions, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 ounces Italian sausage (about 3 links, casing removed), 2 teaspoons dried parsley, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1/2 cup shredded Parmesan cheese, divided, 1/4 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 cup chicken broth, 1/2 cup white wine
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Trim the stem end of each onion by 1/4 to 1/2 inch; trim roots off, while leaving the root end of the onion intact. Peel off the paper shell and discard. Cut each onion in half horizontally. Using a melon baller or paring knife, hollow out each half to form a bowl. Leave at least 3 layers of onion around the outside so that your bowl will hold its shape while cooking. Reserve the scooped-out onion. Place onions on a rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Roast onions in the preheated oven until as tender as you like, 30 to 40 minutes. Meanwhile, chop reserved onion. Melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add chopped onion; cook 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and cook until onion is deeply caramelized, about 10 minutes more. Turn heat off and let cool slightly. Add Italian sausage, caramelized onions, parsley, thyme, garlic, 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese, and panko to a large bowl. Mix well and form into 6 balls. Divide balls between the onion halves. Add chicken broth and wine to the bottom of the baking dish Return to the oven for 15 minutes. Sprinkle remaining Parmesan cheese over the top. Bake until cheese is golden and sausage is no longer pink, about 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the center should read 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).

Title: Irish Soda Bread Scones
Ingredients: 1 ¾ cups all-purpose flour, 1 cup quick-cooking rolled oats, 2 teaspoons baking powder, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, ½ teaspoon baking soda, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, divided, ½ cup cold unsalted butter, cut into ½-inch pieces, ½ cup raisins or dried currants, ½ teaspoon grated orange zest, ¾ cup plus 3 tablespoons cold whole buttermilk, divided
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together flour, oats, baking powder, salt, baking soda, and 1/4 cup sugar in a large bowl until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut butter into flour mixture with your fingers or a pastry cutter until dough resembles coarse meal. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add raisins, orange zest, and 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon buttermilk; stir until just combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface; pat dough into a 7-inch circle, about 3/4-inch thick. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using a floured bench scraper or knife, cut dough circle into 8 wedges; place wedges on the prepared baking sheet, spacing about 1 inch apart. Alternatively, scoop 8 (1/3-cup) mounds of dough onto a parchment-lined baking sheet, about 2 inches apart. Brush each scone evenly with remaining 2 tablespoons buttermilk, and sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon sugar. Place baking sheet in freezer, and freeze until chilled, about 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Bake scones in the preheated oven until bottoms and tops are golden, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, and let cool completely on the baking sheet, about 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature with butter and jam, if desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Scones
Ingredients: 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for kneading, ½ cup white sugar, 5 teaspoons baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, ¾ cup butter, 1 cup milk, 1  egg, beaten
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking sheet. Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl; cut in butter with 2 knives or a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Whisk milk and egg in a small bowl; gradually stir into flour mixture until moistened. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead briefly, 5 or 6 turns. Pat or roll dough out into a 1/2-inch thick round. Cut into 8 wedge-shaped pieces and place onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake scones in the preheated oven until golden brown on top, about 15 minutes. Cel1664

Title: Rhubarb Scones
Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour, ½ cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon, ⅛ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ cup cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 cup frozen chopped rhubarb, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 ½ teaspoons grated orange zest, divided, 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons turbinado sugar, ½ cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, 1 pinch kosher salt
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk flour, white sugar, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg together in a large bowl. Cut butter into flour mixture with a pastry blender until crumbly and mixture resembles small peas. Freeze for 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold frozen rhubarb into flour mixture. Whisk together 1 cup heavy cream, vanilla, and 1 teaspoon orange zest in a glass measuring cup. Make a well in center of flour mixture and pour cream mixture into well; stir just until dry ingredients are moistened (do not overwork the dough). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Gently press dough into an 8-inch round circle. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut the round into 8 wedges using a sharp knife. Place the scones 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Brush scones with remaining 2 tablespoons heavy cream and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Whisk together powdered sugar, remaining 1/2 teaspoon orange zest, 1 tablespoon orange juice, and a pinch of kosher salt. Add up to 1/2 tablespoon more orange juice 1/2 teaspoon at a time, if needed, to reach desired consistency. Drizzle glaze over warm scones and serve immediately.

Title: Pan-Fried Asparagus
Ingredients: ¼ cup butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound fresh asparagus spears, trimmed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add olive oil, salt, and pepper; cook and stir until garlic is fragrant, about 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add asparagus and cook until fork-tender, turning asparagus often to ensure even cooking, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Hot Spinach Artichoke Dip
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ¼ cup mayonnaise, ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese, ¼ cup grated Romano cheese, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, ½ teaspoon dried basil, ¼ teaspoon garlic salt, salt and pepper to taste, 1 (14 ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, ½ cup frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, ¼ cup shredded mozzarella cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a small baking dish. Mix cream cheese, mayonnaise, Parmesan cheese, Romano cheese, garlic, basil, garlic salt, salt, and pepper together in a medium bowl. Gently stir in artichoke hearts and spinach. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish; top with mozzarella cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly and lightly browned, about 25 minutes. LazyFoodieGirl

Title: Seitan Wheat Meat (Vegan Meat Substitute)
Ingredients: 1 cup vital wheat gluten, 4 ½ cups vegetable broth, divided, ¼ cup liquid aminos (such as Bragg®), 3 tablespoons nutritional yeast, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 ½ teaspoons minced garlic, 4 cups water, ¼ cup tamari
Instructions: Stir wheat gluten, 1/2 cup broth, liquid aminos, nutritional yeast, oil, and garlic together in a bowl until ingredients come together into a ball. Knead until dough has a rubbery texture. Divide dough into 3 equal pieces and shape into 1/2-inch-thick patties. Combine remaining 4 cups vegetable broth, water, and tamari in a large pot; bring to a boil. Carefully lower patties into boiling broth; cover the pot and return to a boil. Set the lid slightly askew to vent steam and reduce the heat to low. Continue simmering, turning occasionally, until patties are firm, about 1 hour. Remove from the heat and uncover the pot. Allow patties to cool in broth for 15 minutes before serving. Tips This recipe makes roughly one pound of seitan. You can store the seitan with the broth in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Don't discard the broth — it makes a rich soup base! Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of broth. The actual amount of broth consumed will vary.

Title: Veggie Stroganoff
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons Spectrum Naturals® Canola Oil, divided, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 (8 ounce) package sliced button or cremini mushrooms, 1 (170 gram) package Yves Veggie Cuisine® Beef Veggie Tenders, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 cup Imagine® Organic Vegetable Broth, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, ½ teaspoon ground thyme, ½ teaspoon seasoning salt, ½ cup The Greek Gods™ Traditional Plain Yogurt or sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 (8 ounce) package Egg or egg-free noodles, cooked according to package directions
Instructions: In a large non-stick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon (15 mL) of the oil over medium heat. Add onion; cook for 6 minutes, stirring occasionally, until soft. Add garlic and mushrooms; cook for 2 minutes, stirring often. Stir in the Beef Veggie Tenders; cook for 1 minute. Remove everything to a large plate. Add remaining 2 tablespoons (25 mL) oil to the skillet. Stir in flour; cook for about 2 minutes, stirring, until lightly browned. Stir in broth, Dijon, thyme and seasoning salt. Cook for 2 minutes, until thickened. Return mixture to skillet. Cover and simmer over low heat for 5 minutes. Stir in yogurt; warm through. Sprinkle top with parsley. Serve over hot cooked noodles.

Title: Easy English Cottage Pie
Ingredients: 1 pound lean ground beef, 1  onion, diced, 3  carrots, diced, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon (Optional), 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 ½ cups beef broth, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, salt and pepper to taste, 4  potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 cup milk, ¼ cup butter, softened, ¼ pound shredded Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Add onion and carrot; cook and stir until onion has softened, about 5 minutes. Mix in flour, Italian seasoning, and cinnamon. Stir in parsley. Combine beef broth and tomato paste together in a jug; add to beef mixture. Season with salt and pepper; lower heat and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Meanwhile, place diced potatoes in a medium saucepan; cover with water and place over high heat. Bring to a boil and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes; drain. Mash potatoes until smooth, then add milk and butter; whip until fluffy. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon ground beef mixture into a 9x13-inch baking dish; spread mashed potatoes on top and sprinkle with grated Cheddar cheese. Bake in preheated oven until top is browned and cheese is bubbly, about 25 minutes. France C

Title: Sophie's Shepherd's Pie
Ingredients: 4 large baking potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 tablespoon butter, ¼ cup milk, 2 pounds ground lamb, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cube beef bouillon, 12  button mushrooms, sliced, 1  onion, finely chopped, 1 (16 ounce) can baked beans, 1 (12 ounce) can canned diced tomatoes, 3 tablespoons brown gravy mix (Optional), 1 (15 ounce) can carrots, drained (Optional)
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place the potatoes into a saucepan and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, then cook over medium heat until tender enough to pierce with a fork, about 10 minutes. Drain and mash with butter and milk to your desired texture. Meanwhile, crumble the ground lamb into a large skillet. Cook and stir until no longer pink. Season with Worcestershire sauce and beef bouillon. Add the mushrooms and onion; continue to cook and stir until tender. Transfer the contents of the skillet to a large casserole dish. Mix the baked beans, diced tomatoes, gravy mix and carrots in with the lamb. Dollop big blobs of mashed potatoes over the top and carefully spread evenly to cover the entire top. Rake over it with a fork to create a crispy texture on top when it browns. Bake for 10 minutes in the preheated oven, until the top is browned and crisp.

Title: Shepherd's Pie
Ingredients: 4 large potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped onion, ¼ cup shredded Cheddar cheese, salt and pepper to taste, 5  carrots, chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1  onion, chopped, 1 pound lean ground beef, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon ketchup, ¾ cup beef broth, ¼ cup shredded Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain and mash. Mix in butter, finely chopped onion and 1/4 cup shredded cheese. Season with salt and pepper to taste; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add carrots and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, mash and set aside. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C.) Heat oil in a large frying pan. Add onion and cook until clear. Add ground beef and cook until well browned. Pour off excess fat, then stir in flour and cook 1 minute. Add ketchup and beef broth. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread the ground beef in an even layer on the bottom of a 2 quart casserole dish. Next, spread a layer of mashed carrots. Top with the mashed potato mixture and sprinkle with remaining shredded cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until golden brown. Serve hot and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Rose Petal Cookies
Ingredients: 14 tablespoons white sugar, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 eggs, ½ teaspoon rose water, 1 ½ tablespoons dried rose petals, 2 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 pinch salt
Instructions: Combine sugar and butter in a large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in eggs and rose water. Stir in rose petals. Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a separate bowl. Mix into dough. Cover and chill dough for at least 1 hour, or overnight. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to about 1/3-inch thickness. Cut into shapes with a shaped cutter, or simply cut into rectangles or squares. Place cookies 1-inch apart on the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until light and crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Cool completely before serving.

Title: Caramel Shortbread Squares
Ingredients: 1 ¼ cups all-purpose flour, ⅔ cup unsalted butter, softened, ¼ cup white sugar, ½ cup unsalted butter, ½ cup packed light brown sugar, ½ cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 ¼ cups milk chocolate chips
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 C). To make the shortbread: Mix flour, softened butter, and sugar together in a medium bowl until well blended and crumbly. Press into the bottom of a 9-inch square baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven until dry and light golden brown, about 20 minutes. To make the caramel: Bring butter, brown sugar, condensed milk, and corn syrup to a boil in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Boil for 5 minutes, then remove from the heat and beat vigorously with a wooden spoon for about 3 minutes. Pour over baked crust (crust can be either warm or cool). Let sit at room temperature until caramel begins to firm up, 2 to 3 hours. Microwave chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl on high for 1 minute, then stir and continue to heat and stir in 20-second intervals until chocolate is melted and smooth. Pour chocolate over caramel layer and spread evenly to cover completely. Chill in the refrigerator until chocolate is set, about 30 minutes. Cut into bars.

Title: Shortbread Christmas Cookies
Ingredients: 3 cups all-purpose flour, ¾ cup white sugar, ¼ teaspoon salt, 1 ½ cups cold butter, ½ teaspoon rum extract, ½ teaspoon almond extract, 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 cups confectioners' sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 teaspoons milk, 1 drop food coloring, or to desired shade (Optional), 1 tablespoon colored edible glitter, or as desired
Instructions: Whisk together flour, white sugar, and salt in a large bowl; cut in butter with a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir rum extract, almond extract, and water together in a small bowl. Stir into flour mixture, a little bit at a time, until mixture holds together in a ball when you squeeze it. Place dough on a floured work surface and sprinkle with flour; roll out into a sheet 1/4 inch thick. Cut into shapes with floured cookie cutters, and place 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheets. Cover with a layer of plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Bake cookies in the preheated oven just until the edges are lightly browned, 15 to 18 minutes. Allow to cool on sheets for 2 minutes before removing to wire racks to finish cooling. Cool completely before decorating. To make the frosting: Whisk confectioners' sugar, 2 tablespoons milk and 2 teaspoons milk together in a bowl until smooth. If desired, divide frosting into small bowls and tint each to desired shade with food coloring. Frost cooled cookies. Sprinkle with edible glitter before frosting sets.

Title: Frangipane Strawberry Shortcake
Ingredients: 1/2 cup butter, softened, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons milk, 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon fine salt, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/8 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup almond flour, 1/4 cup sliced almonds, 2 pounds strawberries, 2/3 cup white sugar
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease four 5.5-ounce ramekins with butter, and line bottoms with a round piece of parchment paper. Alternatively, line 6 wells of a standard muffin tin with parchment paper cups. Beat butter and sugar together with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add egg, milk, flour, baking powder, salt, vanilla, and almond extract, and mix again until light and fluffy. Add almond flour and mix until incorporated. Transfer batter evenly into ramekins, and top with sliced almonds. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. If using a muffin tin, check after 25 minutes. Let cool for 20 minutes; remove from the ramekins. Let cool completely before using. Trim strawberries, cut into 1/8-inch slices, and add to a bowl. Add sugar and toss with a spoon until sugar disappears. Cover and let stand 20 minutes. Uncover, toss berries; cover again and let stand 20 minutes more, then refrigerate until strawberries have produced as much syrup as you like. To serve, cut shortcakes in half, and place bottom half in a bowl. Spoon strawberries and syrup generously over, then place top half of shortcake on top. Serve with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream. John Mitzewich Chef's Note: This will make enough strawberries and syrup for 6 portions, so if you use 4 ramekins instead of 6 muffin cups, you will have leftovers to top ice cream or yogurt.

Title: Strawberry Shortcake
Ingredients: 6 cups fresh strawberries, ⅓ cup white sugar, 2 ¼ cups all-purpose flour, ¼ cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, ¼ teaspoon salt, ½ cup butter cold unsalted butter, cut into ½-inch pieces, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, ¾ cup half-and-half, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, divided, 1 ½ cups whipped heavy cream, ¼ cup powdered sugar
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease an 8-inch cake pan with butter and lightly dust with flour. Slice the strawberries and toss them with 1/3 cup of white sugar. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine flour, 1/4 cup of white sugar, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl; cut in butter with a pastry blender or two knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the center of mixture; add beaten egg, half-and-half, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Stir mixture until just combined and no dry spots remain, being careful not to overmix. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon batter evenly into prepared cake pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean and top is golden brown, about 18 minutes. Let cool partially in cake pan, about 10 minutes. Flip cake onto a clean work surface. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, beat heavy cream, powdered sugar, and remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut partially cooled cake in half horizontally, making 2 layers; set top layer aside. Drain reserved strawberries in a colander placed over a small bowl, reserving any juice. Brush strawberry juice evenly over top of bottom cake layer. Evenly arrange ½ of the drained strawberries over bottom layer of cake. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread ½ of whipped cream evenly over strawberries; place top cake layer over whipped cream. Top with remaining strawberries and whipped cream. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note To make 9 individual shortcakes: Drop batter onto a parchment paper-lined baking sheet using a scant ⅓ cupful, and spacing evenly apart. Bake in the preheated oven until tops are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool briefly, then split cakes in half horizontally. Brush strawberry juices evenly over top of each cake bottom; top each bottom half evenly with about 3 tablespoons drained strawberries and about 3 ½ tablespoons whipped cream. Cover with top cake halves. Top evenly with remaining strawberries and whipped cream. Editor's Note This recipe was tested in our test kitchen and updated to reduce the amount of baking powder in the cake based on user feedback.

Title: Easy Strawberry Shortcake
Ingredients: 1 quart fresh strawberries, sliced, ¼ cup white sugar, 1 (12 ounce) package prepared sponge cake dessert cups, 1 (7 ounce) can whipped cream, or to taste
Instructions: Place strawberries in a bowl; add sugar and stir to coat. Cover and refrigerate until sugar has dissolved, about 15 minutes. Place 1 dessert cup in each serving bowl and smother with strawberries. Top each with whipped cream. Recipe Tip Whipped topping can be used in place of whipped cream if desired.

Title: Old Charleston-Style Shrimp and Grits
Ingredients: 3 cups water, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 cup coarsely ground grits, 2 cups half-and-half, 2 pounds uncooked shrimp, peeled and deveined, salt to taste, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 medium lemon, juiced, 1 pound andouille sausage, cut into 1/4-inch slices, 5 slices bacon, 1 medium green bell pepper, chopped, 1 medium red bell pepper, chopped, 1 medium yellow bell pepper, chopped, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, ¼ cup butter, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Bring water and 2 teaspoons salt to a boil in a heavy saucepan over medium-high heat. Whisk grits into the boiling water, and then whisk in half-and-half. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until grits are thickened and tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside and keep warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Season shrimp with salt and cayenne pepper. Add lemon juice, toss to combine, and set aside to marinate. Place sausage slices in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove sausage from the skillet. Add bacon to the same skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until evenly browned, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer bacon to paper towels to drain, then chop or crumble when cool enough to handle. Leave bacon drippings in the skillet. Add bell peppers, onion, and garlic to the bacon drippings; cook and stir until onion is translucent, about 8 minutes. Stir cooked sausage and marinated shrimp into the skillet with the cooked vegetables. Turn off the heat and set aside. Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in flour, stirring to create a smooth roux. Turn heat to low and cook, stirring constantly, until mixture is golden brown in color, 8 to 10 minutes. Watch carefully, mixture burns easily. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour the roux over the sausage, shrimp, and vegetables. Place the skillet over medium heat, add chicken broth, bacon, and Worcestershire sauce, and stir to combine. Cook until sauce thickens up and shrimp turn opaque and bright pink, about 8 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Just before serving, mix Cheddar cheese into grits; stir until cheese is melted and grits are creamy and light yellow. Spoon grits onto plates and serve shrimp mixture over top.

Title: Ultimate Lowcountry Shrimp and Grits
Ingredients: 4 cups water, 1 cup milk or half-and-half, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 1/4 cups stone ground grits, 2 ears white sweet corn, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil, 6 slices bacon, 1 onion, diced, 4 green onions, divided, 1/2 green bell pepper, diced, 1/2 red bell pepper, diced, 4 ounces okra, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cloves garlic, 2 ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 1/2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chiles, 2 cups chicken stock, 1/2 teaspoon white sugar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste (optional), 2 cups peanut oil or other vegetable oil for frying, 3 large eggs, 1 1/2 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, chopped parsley for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Combine water, milk, butter, and salt in a large saucepan and bring just to a boil. Whisk in grits until incorporated. Reduce heat to simmer, cover, and cook until thick, 25 to 30 minutes, stirring often. If mixture gets too thick, add a little more milk or water. Cut kernels off corn cobs, and using the back of the knife, carefully scrape the cob to release the creamy corn milk. Stir corn kernels and corn milk into grits and continue cooking until grits are creamy and tender, 15 to 20 minutes longer, stirring often. Stir in pepper and adjust seasonings if necessary. Meanwhile, heat a large deep skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add olive oil and bacon slices in a single layer, and cook until bacon is crisp, stirring occasionally, about 7 minutes. Remove bacon from the skillet, drain on paper towels, and set aside. Crumble bacon once cool enough to handle. Reserve drippings in the skillet and return skillet to medium-high heat. Finely slice green onions and reserve green ends for garnish. Add white parts of green onion, onion, green and red bell peppers, and okra to the skillet and cook until softened and lightly browned, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Add in salt, pepper, garlic powder, and cayenne and cook for 1 minute. Add fresh tomatoes and garlic, and cook for 2 minutes. Add butter to mixture and allow it to melt. Sprinkle flour over skillet and cook, stirring constantly, about 1 minute. Add in tomatoes, with juices, and stock while stirring constantly until smooth. Stir in sugar, Worcestershire, and hot sauce, and return mixture to a simmer. Cook gravy for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Heat peanut oil to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat. Whisk eggs in a bowl; add shrimp and stir to coat. In a shallow dish, whisk flour, salt, paprika, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Working a few at a time, remove shrimp from egg, allowing excess to drip off, and lightly coat in flour mixture. Transfer shrimp to a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Repeat with remaining shrimp. Working in batches, add shrimp to hot oil and cook, turning occasionally, until lightly browned and crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on a wire rack set over a paper towel-lined baking sheet. To serve, place grits in the bottom of a shallow bowl. Top with about 1/2 cup of gravy and 6 to 8 shrimp. Top with crumbled bacon, and sprinkle with green onions and parsley if desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios From the Editor: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of breading ingredients. The actual amount of breading consumed will vary. We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Cheesy Shrimp and Grits
Ingredients: 4 cups water, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup stone-ground grits, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 6 slices bacon, chopped, 1 cup thinly sliced scallions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 4 teaspoons lemon juice
Instructions: Bring water to a boil in a pot over high heat. Add salt and pepper. Stir in grits; reduce heat and let simmer until water is absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in Cheddar cheese and butter. Cover and set aside. Rinse shrimp and pat dry. Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Heat remaining bacon grease in the skillet over medium heat. Cook shrimp until bright pink on the outside and opaque, 3 to 4 minutes. Add bacon, scallions, parsley, garlic, and lemon juice; cook for 3 minutes. Spoon grits into a serving bowl. Add shrimp mixture and mix well. Serve immediately.

Title: Shrimp Scampi with Pasta
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) package linguine pasta, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2  shallots, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pinch red pepper flakes (Optional), 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pinch kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, ½ cup dry white wine, 1  lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, ¼ cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil, or to taste
Instructions: Gather ingredients. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil; cook linguine in boiling water until nearly tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain. Melt 2 tablespoons butter with 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir shallots, garlic, and red pepper flakes in the hot butter and oil until shallots are translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Season shrimp with kosher salt and black pepper; add to the skillet and cook until pink, stirring occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove shrimp from skillet and keep warm. Pour white wine and lemon juice into skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in skillet, stir 2 tablespoons olive oil into butter mixture, and bring to a simmer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Toss linguine, shrimp, and parsley in the butter mixture until coated; season with salt and black pepper. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil to serve. Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Shrimp Scampi
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package angel hair pasta, ½ cup butter, or to taste, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 cloves minced garlic, 1 cup dry white wine, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¾ cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 4 lemon wedges
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain; transfer to a serving bowl and keep warm. Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Stir in shrimp and garlic. Cook and stir until shrimp turns pink, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in white wine and pepper; bring to a boil. Cook and stir for 30 seconds. Pour shrimp with sauce over pasta in the serving bowl; toss well. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and parsley. Serve with lemon wedges.

Title: Garlic Shrimp Linguine
Ingredients: 1 pound uncooked linguine, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 tablespoons white wine, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons grated Parmesan cheese, plus more for serving, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, salt and pepper to taste, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook linguine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain. Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Add wine, garlic, Parmesan cheese, and parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer, stirring frequently, over low heat for 3 to 5 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high and add shrimp to the saucepan; cook until shrimp begins to turn pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Do not overcook. Divide pasta into 8 bowls. Spoon shrimp with sauce on top. Garnish with Parmesan cheese and parsley. Kraig Editor's Note: If you saw this recipe in the "Vegetable Insurgency" article in the Jun/Jul/Aug 2015 issue of Allrecipes, we added 5 ounces of baby spinach to it. If you want to add spinach to this dish, add it after you start cooking the shrimp. Then remove the pan from the heat, so the spinach wilts and the shrimp don't overcook.

Title: Million Dollar Potato Salad
Ingredients: 4 large eggs, 3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 1/2 cup dill pickle brine, divided, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1/2 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 6 slices bacon, 1/3 cup finely sliced chives, 1/4 cup chopped dill pickles, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1/3 cup crispy fried onions
Instructions: Gather your ingredients. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Place eggs into a small pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then remove from the heat and cover with a lid. Let sit for 10 minutes. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Drain eggs and place into an ice bath to cool completely. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Peel eggs and cut into quarters, or smaller if you prefer. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Peel potatoes and cut into roughly 2-inch chunks. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Add potatoes to a large pot of cold water, season the water generously with salt, and add 1/4 cup pickle juice (this helps them to hold together once cooked - you can alternatively use 2 tablespoons white vinegar). Bring to a boil over a high heat, reduce the heat, and simmer until potatoes are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain potatoes and set aside. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Meanwhile, make dressing: Stir Parmesan, mayonnaise, sour cream, mustard, and remaining 1/4 cup dill pickle brine together in a bowl. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Pour the dressing over the hot potatoes and stir to coat. Taste and season with salt, if needed, then leave to cool. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Place bacon into a large skillet and fry over medium heat, turning over to let both sides crisp up, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a chopping board and cut into bite-sized pieces. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack To the cooled potatoes, add the boiled eggs, celery, chopped dill pickle, most of the bacon and most of the chives. Mix together to combine. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack When ready to serve, transfer the potato salad to a serving dish and garnish with remaining chives and bacon, as well as the crispy fried onions. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack

Title: BBQ'D Beans
Ingredients: 1 1/2 pounds ground beef, 3 large green peppers, grated on the large holes of a box grater, or in a food processor, 2 large onions, chopped, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, or to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 (19.75 ounce) cans pork and beans, such as Campbell’s® Pork and Beans, 1 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Cook and stir ground beef, green pepper, onion, garlic powder, salt, and pepper together in a large skillet over medium-high heat until beef is browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Drain any excess grease. Stir in pork and beans, ketchup, mustard, brown sugar, and Worcestershire sauce. Pour into a 9x13-inch baking pan. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until hot and bubbly, about 1 hour.

Title: Croatian Apple Pie Squares
Ingredients: 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 1/4 cups very cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1/4 cup Demerara sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon plum brandy, 2 1/4 pounds apples - peeled, cored, and sliced, 2/3 cup raisins, 1/3 cup Demerara sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla sugar, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/2 lemon, juiced, 1/2 cup apricot jam, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar for dusting, or as needed
Instructions: Add flour and butter to a large bowl, and use your fingertips to rub butter into flour until mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs with no large lumps of butter remaining. Add the 1/4 cup Demerara sugar, egg yolks, sour cream, and brandy to flour mixture and combine with a spatula just until the dough comes together. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and chill for at least 2 hours or overnight. Meanwhile, place apples, raisins, the 1/3 cup Demerara sugar, vanilla sugar, cinnamon, and lemon juice in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium-low heat and simmer until apples are tender, and mixture is slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a 9x16-inch baking pan with parchment. Divide the chilled dough into two equal pieces. Roll the dough out on a lightly floured surface into 2 9x16-inch rectangles. Place one of the rectangles into the prepared baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a pale crust develops on top, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven. Carefully brush the semi-baked crust with apricot jam. Evenly distribute filling over the crust. Place the second rectangle of dough on top and prick it all over with a fork. Bake until crust is lightly browned and filling is hot and bubbly, about 30 minutes. Remove to a wire rack, and allow to cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Dust the still-warm pie with confectioner’s sugar, cut into squares, and serve warm or at room temperature.

Title: Blueberry Cream Cheese Pie
Ingredients: 1 cup all-purpose flour, ¾ cup chopped pecans, ½ cup butter, melted, 4 cups blueberries, 1 cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, ⅓ cup lemon juice
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Mix flour, pecans, and butter in a bowl. Press dough into a 9x13-inch baking dish to form a crust. Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Allow crust to cool completely. Meanwhile, heat blueberries, sugar, cornstarch, and 1 teaspoon lemon juice in a saucepan over medium heat until berries burst and juice thickens, about 10 minutes. Allow blueberry sauce to cool completely. Beat cream cheese until fluffy. Add sweetened condensed milk and blend well. Stir in 1/3 cup lemon juice. Pour cream cheese filling into cooled crust and spread blueberry sauce over cream cheese. Chill in refrigerator for at least 2 hours before serving.

Title: Mississippi Mud Pie I
Ingredients: 2 cups graham cracker crumbs, ¼ cup white sugar, ½ cup butter, softened, 1 (12 ounce) container frozen whipped topping, thawed, ¾ cup white sugar, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 (3.9 ounce) package instant chocolate pudding mix, 1 (3.4 ounce) package instant butterscotch pudding mix, 3 cups milk
Instructions: Thoroughly blend graham cracker crumbs, 1/4 cup sugar, and butter. Press firmly in bottom of 9x13 inch pan. Blend together half the whipped topping, 3/4 cup sugar, and softened cream cheese. Spread mixture on top of crust. Whip together the puddings and milk and spread on top of cream cheese mixture. Top with remaining whipped topping.

Title: Hawaiian Ham and Cheese Sliders
Ingredients: cooking spray (such as Crisco®), ½ cup butter, 1  onion, minced, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, or more to taste, 1 (12 count) package Hawaiian sweet rolls, split, or more as needed, 1 pound sliced deli ham, or more as needed, 8 slices Swiss cheese, or more as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat; cook and stir onion in the melted butter until softened, 5 to 10 minutes. Add mustard, poppy seeds, and Worcestershire sauce; cook and stir for 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange the roll bottoms in the prepared baking dish. Spoon 2/3 of the onion mixture over top. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add ham and cheese to each roll. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place the roll tops over the cheese layer, then brush the remaining onion mixture over top. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover the dish with aluminum foil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove aluminum foil and bake until the roll tops are lightly browned, 5 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Roast Beef and Cheddar Sliders
Ingredients: 4 tablespoons butter, melted, divided, 1 (12 roll) package Hawaiian rolls, split in half horizontally, 12 ounces deli roast beef, 1/2 cup  thin tangy BBQ sauce, such as Arby’s® Original Sauce, 1 cup Cheddar cheese sauce, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon onion powder, 2 teaspoons everything bagel seasoning
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Brush the bottom and sides of a 9x13-inch baking dish with melted butter until lightly coated. Place bottom half of rolls in baking dish and top evenly with roast beef slices. Drizzle BBQ sauce evenly over roast beef and dollop cheese sauce evenly over the top. Place top roll halves on top. Stir together remaining butter, garlic powder, and onion powder and brush evenly over bun tops. Sprinkle with bagel seasoning. Bake in the preheated oven until the center is warm and melted, and bread is toasted and golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Big Mac Sliders
Ingredients: 1 pound ground chuck, 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, cooking spray, 1 (12 ounce) package Hawaiian Sweet Dinner Rolls (such as King's Hawaiian), 1/3 cup Big Mac Sauce (recipe below), 6 (1/2 ounce each) American cheese slices, 2/3 cup drained dill pickle chips, 1/3 cup finely chopped yellow onion (from 1 small 5 ounce onion), 2 tablespoons (1 ounce) unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 cup packed shredded iceberg lettuce (from 1 small [1 pound] head), 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1 1/2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
Instructions: Sliders Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Line a large-rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil. Press ground chuck into a thin, even 11- x 9-inch rectangle on prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle evenly with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in preheated oven until a thermometer inserted into thickest portion of beef registers 140°F to 145°F, about 10 minutes. Using 2 large spatulas, transfer beef to a cutting board lined with paper towels; discard foil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Line same baking sheet with a new piece of foil; lightly coat with cooking spray. Using a serrated bread knife, cut rolls in half horizontally, keeping top halves and bottom halves intact. Place the bottom half of rolls cut-side up on prepared baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread Big Mac Sauce evenly over bottom half of rolls. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place beef patty over sauce, topping evenly with cheese slices, pickles, and onion. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place top half of rolls over pickles and onions. Brush tops and sides of rolls with melted butter, and sprinkle evenly with sesame seeds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in preheated oven until top buns are golden brown and cheese is melted, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Carefully remove bun tops, sprinkle lettuce in an even layer, and replace bun tops. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut sliders into 12 portions; serve with additional Big Mac Sauce. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sauce Whisk together all ingredients in a small bowl until fully combined. Chill in an airtight container for up to 5 days. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Asian-Inspired Pork and Mushroom Sloppy Joes
Ingredients: 14 ounces coleslaw mix, 6 green onions, thinly sliced, 1/4 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, 1/4 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1 1/2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, or more to taste, 1 1/2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon black sesame seeds, 1 cup water, 1/4 cup hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, or more to taste, 1 tablespoon fish sauce (optional), 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 pound ground pork, 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, or to taste, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 pound crimini mushrooms - cleaned, stems detached, and broken in half, 1 yellow onion, cut into chunks, 1 red bell pepper, cut into chunks, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeds and membranes removed, or to taste, 5 cloves garlic, or more to taste, 2 tablespoons ginger paste, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 6 sesame hamburger buns, halved, 1/4 cup cilantro leaves, Sriracha (optional)
Instructions: Add coleslaw mix, green onions, and cilantro to a bowl. Whisk rice vinegar, 1 1/2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 1 1/2 teaspoons soy sauce, and 1 teaspoon sesame seeds together in a cup. Pour dressing over slaw and toss to coat. Set aside to marinate, tossing occasionally, at least 30 minutes. Whisk water, hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, fish sauce, and 2 teaspoons sesame oil together in a large bowl; set aside. Heat a 12-inch skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir pork in the hot skillet with a generous pinch Kosher salt, breaking up pork with a spatula, until browned and crumbly and fat has rendered, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove pork to the bowl with water-hoisin sauce mixture. Pulse mushroom pieces in a food processor until the size of green peas, 8 to 10 times. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir mushrooms with a generous pinch of salt until liquid has evaporated and mushrooms are beginning to turn golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to the bowl with pork. Meanwhile, pulse onion chunks, bell pepper chunks, and jalapeño together in the food processor until vegetable mixture resembles pico de gallo, about 15 times. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in the pan. Add onion mixture and a pinch of salt and cook until onions are translucent and most of the liquid has evaporated, 5 to 7 minutes. Process garlic cloves in the food processor until small enough that all the bits are sticking to the sides, about 10 seconds. Stir garlic and ginger paste into the skillet with onion mixture and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Return meat and mushroom mixture to the skillet. Stir to combine; simmer until meat is coated in a thick sauce and most liquid has evaporated, 10 to 12 minutes. Mix mayonnaise and sesame oil in a small bowl. Spread a thin coat of mayonnaise mixture inside of both top and bottom buns. Add to a nonstick pan and toast over medium heat until golden, about 2 minutes. Top prepared buns with sloppy joe mix, coleslaw, cilantro leaves, and a drizzle of Sriracha. Top with the other bun half. Cook's Notes: Most veggie prep is done in the food processor, so no need to rinse between uses, or mince veggies using a chef's knife. For a gluten-free version, serve meat and slaw over steamed rice, cauliflower rice, or baked potatoes, or use for lettuce wraps. Check labels; use gluten-free hoisin sauce, fish sauce, and soy sauce, or tamari, or use coconut aminos or Bragg's Liquid Aminos in place of soy sauce. I use Morton Kosher salt, and measure out salt beforehand, then pinch from the pre-measured bowl. Each generous pinch is a scant 1/4 teaspoon. Increase by nearly double if using Diamond brand. You can use grated fresh ginger root instead of ginger paste.

Title: Sloppy Joes
Ingredients: 1 pound lean ground beef, ¼ cup chopped onion, ¼ cup chopped green bell pepper, ¾ cup ketchup, or to taste, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, or to taste, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, or to taste, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 6  hamburger buns, split
Instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir lean ground beef in the hot skillet until some of the fat starts to render, 3 to 4 minutes. Add onion and bell pepper; continue to cook until vegetables have softened and beef is cooked through, 3 to 5 more minutes. Stir in ketchup, brown sugar, mustard, and garlic powder; season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Divide meat mixture evenly among hamburger buns. Dianne Recipe Tip If using ground beef with a higher fat content than lean, be sure to drain any fat before starting Step 2.

Title: Homemade Sloppy Joes
Ingredients: 1 ½ pounds extra-lean ground beef, ½  onion, diced, 1  green pepper, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups water, divided, ¾ cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, or to taste, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 dash Worcestershire sauce, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
Instructions: Place ground beef and onion in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir until beef is browned and crumbled, about 10 minutes. Stir in green pepper and garlic; cook and stir until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add 1 cup water and stir, scraping the pan to dissolve any brown flavor bits from the bottom of the skillet. Stir in ketchup, brown sugar, Dijon mustard, salt, black pepper, and Worcestershire sauce. Add remaining 1 cup water and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until liquid has evaporated and mixture is thick, about 40 minutes. Season with salt, black pepper, Worcestershire sauce, and cayenne pepper. Toni DeSantis

Title: Slow Cooker Mojo Chicken
Ingredients: ½ cup orange juice, ¼ cup lime juice, ¼ cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes, ½ teaspoon ground coriander, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water
Instructions: Combine orange juice, lime juice, lemon juice, vinegar, olive oil, garlic, cumin, pepper flakes, coriander, salt, and pepper in a blender or food processor. Pulse several times until mixture is well blended and smooth. Place chicken breasts in the bottom of a slow cooker. Pour juice mixture over all, cover, and cook on High setting until no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, about 2 ½ hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Shred cooked chicken with two forks, adding a little liquid from the slow cooker, if desired. If serving as a main dish, remove chicken to a plate, cover, and keep warm. Strain liquid into a 1-quart saucepan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Simmer until liquid is reduced to 1 cup, about 10 minutes. Combine cornstarch and water in a small bowl and stir until there are no lumps. Add cornstarch mixture to the saucepan, stirring continuously. Allow mixture to boil about 2 minutes, stirring continuously. Remove from heat when sauce is thickened. Adjust seasonings, if necessary. Cook’s Note I also like to serve the chicken breasts whole with these Cuban Black Beans and steamed white rice.

Title: Creamy Crockpot Macaroni and Cheese
Ingredients: 1 pound uncooked elbow macaroni, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, divided, cooking spray, 1 1/2 cups whole milk, 1 (12 ounce) can evaporated milk, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 1/2 cup butter, cut into pieces, 3 ounces cream cheese, cut into pieces, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 16 ounces sharp Cheddar cheese, shredded, divided
Instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat; add macaroni and 4 1/2 teaspoons salt. Cook pasta until just barely tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process. Spray the inside of a slow cooker with cooking spray. Add pasta to the slow cooker and stir in milk, evaporated milk, butter, cream cheese and pepper. Whisk together egg and egg yolk in a small bowl until well combined; stir into pasta mixture. Set aside 3/4 cup shredded cheese. Stir remaining cheese into pasta mixture, cover, and cook on Low until bubbly and lightly browned around the edges, about 1 1/2 hours. Sprinkle with reserved cheese, cover, and cook until cheese is melted, about 15 minutes more. Serve immediately. Alternatively, turn crockpot to Warm or Off until ready to serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: 4-Ingredient Slow Cooker Peach Cobbler
Ingredients: 8 cups sliced fresh or frozen peaches, thawed, ½ cup white sugar, cooking spray, 1 (15.25 ounce) package white cake mix, ½ cup butter, cut into 8 pieces
Instructions: Combine peaches and sugar in a medium bowl. Stir well and let stand for 5 minutes. Liberally spray a slow cooker with cooking spray. Stir peaches once more and add to the prepared slow cooker. Sprinkle cake mix evenly over the peaches; don't stir. Distribute butter pieces evenly over cake mix. Cover and cook on High until cake is golden and bubbly around the edges, about 3½ hours. Turn off slow cooker and let stand 15 minutes before serving. Ramona Cruz-Peters

Title: Banana Pudding Milkshake
Ingredients: 1 cup 1% milk, 2 cups vanilla frozen yogurt, 1 banana, divided, 1 (.9 ounce) package sugar-free banana cream pudding mix, 1/2 cup vanilla wafers, divided
Instructions: Add milk and frozen yogurt to the jar of a blender. Slice banana; set 4 to 6 slices aside for garnish. Add remaining banana and pudding mix to the blender. Set 2 vanilla wafers aside for garnish; add remaining vanilla wafers to the blender. Blend until smooth. Pour mixture into 2 tall glasses. Top each milkshake with whipped cream, remaining banana slices, and a vanilla wafer.

Title: Korean Banana Milk
Ingredients: 1 banana, 1/2 cup whole milk, 1/2 cup cold water, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 4 to 5 ice cubes (optional)
Instructions: Combine banana, milk, water, maple syrup and vanilla in the blender cup. Blend until smooth. Place ice cubes in glass (if using). Pour banana milk on top. Cook’s Note I have tried blending with ice cubes or frozen bananas and have wound up with a banana smoothie, not banana milk. Still delicious!

Title: Zucchini Smoothie
Ingredients: ½ cup ice cubes, or as needed (Optional), ½  zucchini, shredded, ½  frozen banana, ½ cup orange juice
Instructions: Combine ice cubes, zucchini, banana, and orange juice in a blender. Blend until smooth. Tips Using overripe or dark green zucchini will make this smoothie not so yummy. You can add sugar or other sweetener if you have a sweet tooth, but I find it plenty sweet from the banana.

Title: Rhubarb Snickerdoodles
Ingredients: 1 cup diced rhubarb, 1 1/2 teaspoons white sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened, 3/4 cup white sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 3/4 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
Instructions: Combine rhubarb and 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar in a large bowl; toss to combine. Allow to sit for at least 30 minutes or until rhubarb begins to release its juices. Drain accumulated juice from rhubarb; discard juice. Add cornstarch to rhubarb and toss until thoroughly coated. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Beat butter and 3/4 cup sugar together in a large bowl until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add in egg and vanilla and beat for another 3 minutes. Add in flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, salt, and nutmeg and mix until just combined. Fold in rhubarb. In a small bowl, mix together 3 tablespoons sugar and cinnamon. Scoop out 1 1/2 tablespoons dough, roll into a ball, and roll ball in cinnamon sugar until thoroughly coated. Place dough balls 1 1/2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Repeat with remaining dough. Bake in the preheated oven, one baking sheet at a time, until cookies are set and just beginning to turn golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool cookies on the pan for 5 minutes; remove to a wire rack to cool completely.

Title: Mrs. Sigg's Snickerdoodles
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups white sugar, ½ cup butter, softened, ½ cup shortening, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 ¾ cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, ¼ teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Make cookies: Beat sugar, butter, shortening, eggs, and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth and creamy. Whisk flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, and salt together in a separate bowl. Gradually mix dry ingredients mixture into the wet ingredients just until combined. Shape dough into walnut-sized balls. Make cinnamon-sugar: Combine sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl or zip-top plastic bag. Place dough balls in cinnamon-sugar and roll or shake until coated. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until set but not too hard, 8 to 10 minutes, switching racks halfway through. Remove from the oven and immediately transfer to wire racks to cool. Danielle K

Title: Grandma Ruth's Easy Snickerdoodle Cookies
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups white sugar, 1 cup softened butter, 2 large eggs, 2 ¾ cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, ¼ teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or lightly grease. Make cookies: Beat together white sugar, butter, and eggs in a large bowl using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. Combine flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, and salt in a separate bowl; stir into creamed butter mixture until dough holds together. Mix together white sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl until well combined. Form dough into balls (about 2 teaspoons in each ball), then roll in cinnamon-sugar coating. Place dough balls about 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven on the center rack for 7 minutes. Allow cookies to cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. tjump2014 Recipe Tips Cookies may look doughy when removed from the oven. Allowing them to continue to cook on the baking sheet out of the oven prevents them from turning hard. Store cooled cookies in a plastic container or plastic bag with 1 to 2 bread slices to keep cookies soft.

Title: Couscous Chicken Soup
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and diced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 1 1/4 pounds cubed cooked chicken breast, 8 cups chicken broth, 1/2 tablespoon dried parsley flakes or dried dill, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 (5.4 ounce) boxes herb couscous mix (such as Near East® Wild Mushroom & Herb Couscous Mix)
Instructions: Melt butter in a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Add onion, carrot, and celery, and cook and stir for 5 minutes. Add chicken, broth, parsley, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes. Add couscous and cook 7 minutes more. Ladle into bowls and serve.

Title: Chicken Soup with Pearl Couscous
Ingredients: 6 cups low sodium chicken broth, 1 small onion, diced, 3 carrots, chopped, 2 cups cubed chicken, 1/2 cup Israeli couscous, salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, or as needed, for garnish
Instructions: Bring chicken broth to a simmer in a pot over medium heat. Add onions, carrots, diced chicken, couscous, salt, and pepper and cook for 10 minutes. Microwave butter in a small glass bowl until melted, about 30 seconds. Add flour, whisking well until smooth. Whisk roux into broth, and cook until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Garnish with parsley and serve immediately.

Title: Quick Tomato and Bean Soup Provencal
Ingredients: 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1/2 cup chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes with basil, garlic, and oregano, undrained, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup water, 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 (16 ounce) can butter beans, rinsed, 2 cups baby spinach leaves, roughly chopped, or more to taste, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat, add onion, and saute until tender and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in tomatoes, chicken broth, water, and red pepper flakes, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Add butter beans and cook until heated through, about 5 minutes. Stir in spinach, and heat until wilted. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Garnish with Parmesan cheese, and serve hot. Cook’s Note You can substitute butter beans with another canned white bean such as cannellini, Great Northern, or navy beans.

Title: Sous Vide Corned Beef
Ingredients: 1 (3 pound) corned beef brisket with spice packet
Instructions: Fill a large pot with water and place a sous vide immersion cooker into the water. Set the temperature to 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions. Rinse corned beef under cool water to remove excess salt, then pat dry. Sprinkle seasoning on fatty side and press into beef. Place corned beef into a large vacuum bag; seal using a vacuum sealer. Place the sealed bag into the water and set a timer for 48 hours. Transfer corned beef to a cutting board and slice across the grain. Recipe Tip This method works the same for a 4- to 5-pound corned beef. If you don't own a vacuum sealer, you can use a plastic zip-top freezer bag. To seal your bag, slowly lower it into the water, letting the water pressure force the air out of the bag, then seal it.

Title: Sous Vide Tri Tip
Ingredients: 1 (2 1/2 to 3 pound) tri tip steak, fat cap trimmed to 1/4-inch thick, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, divided, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, coarsely ground, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, coarsely ground, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, ½ cup fresh lime juice (from 3 large limes), ½ cup fish sauce, ¼ cup dark brown sugar, 4 medium garlic cloves, grated with a Microplane grater (about 2 tsp.), 1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated with a Microplane grater (about 1 1/2 tsp.), 2 medium green onions, white bottoms finely chopped and green tops thinly sliced crosswise (about 2 Tbsp. minced white bottoms, about 1/4 cup thinly sliced green tops), 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, ½ teaspoon toasted sesame oil
Instructions: Prepare a thermocirculator and water bath according to manufacturer's directions. Set thermocirculator to 135 degrees F (57 degrees C) and allow water bath to come up to temperature. Using gloved hands, rub tri tip steak evenly with sesame oil and season evenly with 1 teaspoon salt. Transfer tri tip and butter to a large vacuum-sealable bag and arrange in a flat, even layer. Seal bag with a vacuum sealer according to manufacturer's directions. Transfer vacuum-sealed tri tip to warm water bath with thermocirculator, cover vessel with aluminum foil to reduce evaporation, and cook 3 hours. Remove tri tip from bag (meat will be at 135 degrees F (57 degrees C) when pulled from water bath) and transfer to a rimmed sheet pan lined with paper towels and gently pat dry; discard bag and any juices reserved in bag. Meanwhile prepare the chile-lime dipping sauce. Whisk together lime juice, fish sauce, brown sugar, garlic, ginger, green onions, sesame seeds, and toasted sesame oil in a small bowl until well combined. Cover dipping sauce with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature until ready to use. Season tri tip evenly with remaining 2 teaspoons salt, coriander seeds, and black peppercorns, pressing coriander and black peppercorns into tri tip to adhere. Heat grapeseed oil in a large cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add tri tip to skillet, fat-cap-side down, and cook, until all sides are evenly seared and caramelized, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer tri tip to a large cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes before slicing against the grain into 1/4-inch-thick strips. Serve steak with chile-lime dipping sauce for dipping, if desired.

Title: Sous Vide Beef Tenderloin Roast
Ingredients: 4 ½ pounds whole beef tenderloin, 1 tablespoon sea salt/kosher salt (such as Redmonds®), 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or more to taste, 6 cloves garlic, 3  fresh thyme sprigs, or to taste, rosemary sprig, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, or more as needed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed, 1 splash red wine, 1 tablespoon gelatin powder, 1 cup cold water, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Trim and tie tenderloin together with kitchen twine the night before cooking. Combine salt and pepper in a bowl and season tenderloin on all sides. Place on a baking rack set over a cookie sheet and allow to rest, uncovered, in the refrigerator overnight. The next morning place tenderloin, garlic, thyme, and rosemary into a sous vide vacuum bag and seal using a vacuum sealer. Refrigerate until you are ready to sous vide. Attach sous vide cooker to a heat-proof container of water and set temperature to 133 degrees F (56 degrees C). Sous vide until tenderloin has reached the desired temperature, 2 1/2 to 3 hours, depending on thickness. About 30 minutes pour water in a metal bowl and sprinkle gelatin powder on top. Allow to sit for 30 minutes until gelatin blooms. Set on top of a double boiler over simmering water and stir until a clear liquid forms. Do not allow to boil. Remove tenderloin from sous vide, pat dry, and let rest while preparing the gravy. Pour au jus liquids from the sous vide bag into a sauce pan. Stir in 1 to 2 tablespoons butter and red wine. Add as much of the bloomed gelatin as you like depending on desired thickness and whisk until well combined. Season gravy with salt, pepper, and herbs to taste. Heat cast iron pan to medium-high. Brush tenderloin with olive oil and sear in the hot pan until browned all over, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Melt extra butter in the pan as desired. Remove from pan, tent with foil, and allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Slice tenderloin and serve with gravy. Cook's Note: I cooked the pork tenderloin sous vide at 133 degrees F (56 degrees C) for 2 1/2 hours and got the center cut to medium/medium rare and the butt to rare-medium rare.

Title: Creamy Lemon Shrimp Pasta
Ingredients: ¾ (16 ounce) package spaghetti, 1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon crushed garlic, ¼ cup chicken broth, 1 medium lemon, zested and juiced, ½ cup heavy cream, 5 large basil leaves, chopped, 1 pinch red pepper flakes
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 10 to 12 minutes. While the pasta is cooking, heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season shrimp with salt and pepper; add to the pan and cook 30 seconds per side. Remove to a plate. Add shallots to the skillet and cook for 2 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in chicken broth, lemon zest, and 1/2 of the lemon juice; heat for 2 minutes. Reserve remaining lemon juice for another use. Add cream and bring to a simmer. Return shrimp to the skillet and cook until heated through and pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Add basil. Drain spaghetti, reserving 1/4 to 1/2 cup pasta water. Add spaghetti to the skillet. Add pasta water as needed and pepper flakes; toss to coat. Season with pepper if desired. Cook’s Note You can use linguine pasta instead of spaghetti and onions instead of shallots.

Title: Taco Pasta
Ingredients: 6 ounces spaghetti or other pasta, 1 pound ground beef, ½ cup diced onion, 1 (10.5 ounce) can  condensed cream of mushroom soup, 1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes and green chiles (such as RO*TEL®), ⅔ cup water, 1 ounce taco seasoning, 1 (8 ounce) package processed cheese (such as Velveeta®), cubed, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium heat and cook ground beef and onions until meat is browned and onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in mushroom soup, tomatoes, water, and taco seasoning. Cook until well combined. Add Velveeta and stir until melted, about 5 minutes. Drain pasta and add to skillet. Top with Cheddar cheese, cover, and let stand until cheese has melted. Ramona Cruz-Peters

Title: Chicken Scampi Pasta
Ingredients: 1 1/2 pounds chicken breast tenders, 1 pound spaghetti pasta, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 shallot, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1/2 cup chicken broth, 1/2 lemon, juiced, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, or to taste
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a cast iron skillet over medium heat. Add chicken tenders. Cook, turning occasionally, until chicken is no longer pink at the center and juices run clear, about 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the center should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from skillet. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter to the cast iron skillet. Add shallots; cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes. Add fresh garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add broth; bring to a simmer. Cook until liquid is reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Stir pasta and chicken into the skillet; combine well. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil if needed. Stir in parsley.

Title: Best Spanish Rice
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons chopped onion, 1 ½ cups uncooked white rice, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup picante sauce
Instructions: Heat oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until tender, about 5 minutes. Add rice; cook and stir until rice begins to turn golden brown. Stir in chicken broth and picante sauce. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until liquid has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes. marilynrsood

Title: Instant Pot Mexican Rice
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon avocado oil, or more as needed, ½ medium onion, finely chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup long-grain rice, 1 ½ cups low-sodium chicken stock, ½ cup tomato sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground cumin, 1 pinch cayenne pepper
Instructions: Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot); select sauté function and adjust to medium. Cover the bottom of the pot with avocado oil. Cook and stir onion until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add rice to the pot; mix until coated with oil and lightly browned. Pour in chicken stock; stir any browned bits off the bottom of the pot. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour in chicken stock; stir any browned bits off the bottom of the pot. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix in tomato sauce, salt, cumin, and cayenne pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Close and lock the lid. Seal the vent and select high-pressure function. Set a timer for 7 minutes; allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to the manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir rice before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Flavorful Spanish Rice and Beans
Ingredients: 2 ¼ cups water, 1 cup uncooked white rice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1  sweet onion, chopped, 1 (1.41 ounce) package sazon seasoning, 1 ½ teaspoons adobo seasoning, ½ teaspoon minced garlic, ½ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 (15 ounce) can red beans, drained, 1 (2.25 ounce) can pitted green olives (Optional)
Instructions: Bring water, rice, and olive oil to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Mix in onion, Sazón seasoning, adobo seasoning, garlic, and black pepper. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and cook for 10 minutes. Add beans and olives and cook until liquid has been absorbed, about 10 minutes. Mix before serving. Recipe Tips For more flavor, add a powdered broth such as Seitenbacher Vegetable Broth and Seasoning. For softer rice, you can add an additional 1/2 cup water.

Title: Fresh Pear Cake
Ingredients: 4 cups peeled, cored and chopped pears, 2 cups white sugar, 3 cups sifted all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 ½ teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon ground cloves, 4  egg whites, ⅔ cup canola oil, 1 cup chopped pecans
Instructions: Combine pears and sugar in a large bowl; let stand for one hour. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray a 10-inch Bundt pan with non-stick cooking spray. Slightly beat egg whites; combine with oil, chopped pecans, and pear mixture. Mix flour, salt, baking soda, nutmeg, cinnamon, and cloves together; stir into pear mixture. Pour batter into the prepared Bundt pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes before removing from the pan. Invert carefully onto a serving plate or rack and let cool completely.

Title: Best Carrot Cake Ever
Ingredients: 6 cups grated carrots, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup raisins, 4  eggs, 1 ½ cups white sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup crushed pineapple, drained, 3 cups all-purpose flour, 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 ½ teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chopped walnuts
Instructions: Combine grated carrots and brown sugar in a medium bowl. Let sit for 1 hour, then stir in raisins. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 10-inch round cake pans. Beat eggs in a large bowl until light. Gradually beat in white sugar, oil, and vanilla. Stir in pineapple. Combine flour, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt in a separate bowl, then stir into egg mixture until absorbed. Stir in carrot mixture and walnuts. Pour evenly into the prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before removing cake layers from the pans; let cool completely.

Title: Moist, Tender Spice Cake
Ingredients: 2 ½ cups bleached all-purpose flour, ¼ cup cornstarch, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ teaspoon ground allspice, ½ teaspoon ground cloves, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, 3  large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened until easily spreadable, 2 cups dark brown sugar
Instructions: Adjust the oven rack to the middle position; preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and lightly flour a metal or disposable foil 9x13-inch pan. Whisk flour, cornstarch, baking powder, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, cloves, and salt in a large bowl. Mix milk, eggs, and vanilla extract in a 2-cup measuring cup. Beat softened butter into flour mixture in a large bowl with an electric mixer, first on low, then medium, until mixture forms pebble-sized pieces. Add about 1/3 of the milk mixture and beat on low until smooth. Add remaining milk mixture in two stages; beat on medium speed until batter is just smooth. Add brown sugar; beat until just incorporated, about 30 seconds. Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Cool briefly on a wire rack, then run a table knife around the edges to loosen. Invert carefully onto a serving plate or cooling rack. Let cool completely. Recipe Tip The batter can be divided and baked in two 8-inch square cake pans. Take one to a picnic or a potluck; freeze one for later.

Title: Baked Feta Dip
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup fresh spinach, chopped, 1/3 cup sun-dried tomatoes, chopped, 12 ounces feta cheese crumbles, 1/2 cup sour cream, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1/2 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 1/3 cup chopped olives, 1 tablespoon dried oregano
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Melt butter in a cast iron skillet. Add spinach and sundried tomatoes. Sauté until spinach is slightly wilted, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir feta cheese, sour cream, and mayonnaise together in a large bowl; stir in spinach mixture. Place mixture in an oven-safe dish. Bake in the preheated oven until melted and hot in the center and lightly browned on the edges and top, about 20 minutes. Heat a cast iron pan over medium high heat; add tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes blister, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in olives. Spoon tomato topping over feta dip and sprinkle with herbs. Serve dip with pita bread.

Title: Hot Spinach Artichoke Dip
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ¼ cup mayonnaise, ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese, ¼ cup grated Romano cheese, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, ½ teaspoon dried basil, ¼ teaspoon garlic salt, salt and pepper to taste, 1 (14 ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, ½ cup frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, ¼ cup shredded mozzarella cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a small baking dish. Mix cream cheese, mayonnaise, Parmesan cheese, Romano cheese, garlic, basil, garlic salt, salt, and pepper together in a medium bowl. Gently stir in artichoke hearts and spinach. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish; top with mozzarella cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until bubbly and lightly browned, about 25 minutes. LazyFoodieGirl

Title: Spinach Feta Skillet Dip
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, 1 (10-ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed very dry, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, dark green parts reserved, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup whole milk cottage cheese, 1/2 lemon, zested and juiced, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes, plus more for serving, freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, divided, ½ cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided, 1 16-ounce (8 count) can refrigerated biscuits
Instructions: Step 1 Gather all ingredients. Allrecipes / Sara Haas Step 2 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Step 3 Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a 10-inch oven-safe skillet (such as cast-iron) over medium heat until shimmering. Add spinach and white and light-green parts of scallions and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Transfer to a medium bowl; let cool slightly while you wipe out the skillet. Allrecipes / Sara Haas Step 4 Add cottage cheese, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt, red pepper flakes, several grinds black pepper, 3/4 cup feta cheese, and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese to the bowl with the spinach; stir until combined. Allrecipes / Sara Haas Step 5 Brush the skillet with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Cut each biscuit in half to form 16 pieces and roll into balls. Arrange around the rim of the skillet. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Allrecipes / Sara Haas Step 6 Set the dip in the center of the skillet and top with the remaining feta. Sprinkle the entire skillet (including the rolls) with remaining Parmesan cheese. Allrecipes / Sara Haas Step 7 Bake in the preheated oven until rolls are golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Top with reserved scallion greens, several grinds black pepper, and a sprinkle of red pepper flakes. Let rest 5 minutes before serving. Allrecipes / Sara Haas

Title: Split Pea Soup
Ingredients: 2 ¼ cups dried split peas, 2 quarts cold water, plus more as needed, 1 ½ pounds ham bone, 2  onions, thinly sliced, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pinch dried marjoram, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 3  carrots, chopped, 1  potato, diced
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place peas in a large stockpot and cover with several inches of cold water; let soak, 8 hours to overnight. Drain, rinse, and return peas to the pot. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add 2 quarts of cold water, ham bone, onion, salt, pepper, and marjoram to the stockpot. Cover, bring to a boil, and simmer for 1 ½ hours, stirring occasionally. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove ham bone; cut off meat, dice, and return meat to soup. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add celery, carrots, and potatoes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook slowly, uncovered, until vegetables are tender, about 30 to 40 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Ham and Split Pea Soup Recipe — A Great Soup
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons butter, 2 ribs celery, diced, ½  onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 pound dried split peas, rinsed, 1 pound ham, diced, 1  bay leaf, 1 quart chicken stock, 2 ½ cups water, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Melt butter in a large soup pot over medium-low heat. Stir in celery, onion, and sliced garlic; cook and stir until onions are translucent but not brown, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in split peas, ham, and bay leaf. Pour in chicken stock and water; stir to combine and simmer until peas are tender and soup has thickened, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Stir occasionally. Season with salt and black pepper to serve. Kim's Cooking Now

Title: Ham Bone and Green Split Pea Soup
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon butter, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 4 stalks celery, diced, ½ large carrot, shredded, ⅓  white onion, diced, salt to taste, 3 cups split peas, rinsed, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1  ham bone, 5 cups chicken stock, 2 cups water, or as needed, 1 cup diced ham, ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Melt butter and oil in a stockpot or Dutch oven over medium-low heat. Add celery, carrot, onion, and salt; cook and stir until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in peas and garlic. Nestle ham bone into the pot; add stock and diced ham. Add enough water so that liquid is about 1 1/2 inches from the top of the pot; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cover. Simmer, stirring every 30 minutes and scraping the bottom of the pot, until peas are mostly disintegrated, about 2 1/2 hours. Turn ham bone and skim the surface for fat once every hour. Remove ham bone from the pot and place on a cutting board until cool enough to handle. Remove any meat from the bones and cut into bite-sized pieces; stir into soup until warmed through and season with salt and pepper.

Title: Shortbread Cookies
Ingredients: 2 cups butter, softened, 1 cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 cups all-purpose flour
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Beat softened butter and sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in vanilla; add flour and mix well until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill cookie press with dough and form cookies onto two ungreased cookie sheets, spacing them about 1 ½ inches apart. Bake until the edges of the cookies are just starting to turn golden brown, about 10 to 12 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove the cookie sheets from the oven, and set them on a wire cooling rack for a few minutes. Then transfer the shortbread cookies to the rack to cool completely.

Title: Spritz Cookies
Ingredients: 1 1/2 cups salted butter, softened, 1 cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons colored sugar, nonpareils, or sprinkles, or as needed (optional), powdered sugar icing (optional), 1 1/2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studio Beat butter with an electric mixer in a large bowl for 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio Add sugar, baking powder, and salt. Beat until combined, scraping sides of bowl occasionally. Beat in egg, vanilla, and almond extract until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio Beat in as much of the flour as you can using the mixer. Stir in any remaining flour with a wooden spoon Dotdash Meredith Food Studio Force room-temperature dough through a cookie press onto ungreased cookie sheets. If desired, sprinkle cookies with colored sugar or nonpareils. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio Bake in the preheated oven until edges are firm but not brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to wire racks to cool completely. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio For powdered sugar icing, combine powdered sugar, milk, and vanilla in a small bowl. If necessary, add more milk, 1 teaspoon at a time, to make icing drizzling consistency. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio If desired, drizzle cooled cookies with powdered sugar icing and decorate with sprinkles. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio

Title: Butter Rich Spritz Butter Cookies
Ingredients: 2 ½ cups all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 cup butter, softened, 1 ¼ cups confectioners' sugar, 2  egg yolks, ½ teaspoon almond extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Sift together the flour and salt; set aside. ALLRECIPES / QI AI In a medium bowl, cream together the butter and sugar. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Stir in the egg yolks, almond extract and vanilla extract. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Gradually blend in the sifted ingredients. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Fill a cookie press with dough and shoot cookies about 1 1/2 inches apart onto an ungreased cookie sheet. If you like, decorate with sugar or sprinkles at this time. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Bake for 6 to 8 minutes in the preheated oven. ALLRECIPES / QI AI Serve and enjoy! ALLRECIPES / QI AI

Title: Chocolate Stout Cake
Ingredients: 2 cups dark chocolate chips (such as Ghriradelli® 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Chips), 1 1/2 cups white sugar, 1/4 cup water, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 1/2 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons Irish cream liqueur (such as Bailey's®), 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 (11.2 ounce) bottle stout beer (such as Guinness™ ), 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 1 cup cocoa powder (such as Hershey's® Special Dark), 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1/2 cup white sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup full-fat sour cream, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Instructions: Make frosting: Place dark chocolate chips in a large bowl; set aside. Combine 1 1/2 cups white sugar, water, and corn syrup in a light colored, tall-sided saucepan. Place pan over medium heat and cook until mixture begins to turn a deep amber color, swirling pan often to combine ingredients; about 15 minutes. Remove pan from heat and carefully pour in heavy cream (mixture will bubble up rapidly and then seize, this is ok). Place pan back over low heat and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Allow mixture to boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly, then immediately pour caramel over the chocolate chips. Allow mixture to stand for 1 minute. Gently stir until chocolate is melted and smooth. Add in 2 teaspoons vanilla and Irish Cream and mix until combined. Add in butter 1 tablespoon at a time, making sure each addition is fully incorporated before adding the next, until all 3 tablespoons of butter are incorporated. Loosely cover bowl with a kitchen towel and set aside to cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally (this will take 4 to 6 hours). Combine stout beer and 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar in a saucepan set over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until mixture has reduced to 1 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 2 (9-inch) round cake pans. Sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and 3/4 teaspoon salt; set dry ingredients aside. Beat 1/2 cup unsalted butter, vegetable oil, 1 cup dark brown sugar, and 1/2 cup white sugar together in a large bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add in eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Beat mixture on medium-high speed for 4 to 5 additional minutes after adding in the last egg. Mix in sour cream and 2 teaspoons vanilla extract. Pour in half of dry ingredients and mix on low until just combined. Pour in cooled stout mixture and mix until just combined. Add in remaining dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Divide batter evenly between the 2 prepared cake pans. Tap pans on the counter several times to remove any larger air bubbles. Bake in the preheated oven and until the tops of the cakes spring back lightly when touched, 30 to 35 minutes. Allow cakes to cool in pans for 20 to 30 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour. Once cakes and frosting are both cooled, place one cake layer on a serving platter. Top with about 1 cup frosting; spread it into an even layer. Top with remaining cake. Pour remaining frosting over the top of the cake and smooth over top and sides of cake until completely frosted on all sides.

Title: Baileys Cheesecake
Ingredients: cooking spray, 20 java chip flavored creme chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreo), 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 3/4 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 3/4 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1/2 cup Irish cream liqueur (such as Baileys), 1/4 cup heavy cream, 1/4 cup Irish cream liqueur (such as Baileys), 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 1 cup milk chocolate chips, sweetened whipped cream for serving
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) with rack in lower third position. Lightly grease an 8-inch springform pan with cooking spray and line with parchment on the bottom. Process cookies in a food processor until ground into small crumbs, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in melted butter and process for another 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Press evenly into bottom and about 1 inch up sides of prepared pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until firm and fragrant, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool slightly while making the filling, about 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Once crust is cooled, wrap bottom of pan with 2 layers of heavy-duty aluminum foil to prevent water from seeping into pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the cheesecake filling: Add cream cheese to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium-low speed until creamy, about 2 minutes. Add sour cream, and beat on medium-low speed until fully combined, scraping down sides of bowl halfway through, about 2 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat in sugar, espresso powder, vanilla, and salt, until combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl halfway through, about 1 minute. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating on low speed just until combined after each addition and scraping down sides of bowl with a rubber spatula, 1 to 2 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add Baileys and beat on low speed until just combined, about 45 seconds. Pour filling onto cooled crust. Place springform pan into a larger roasting pan and place in preheated oven. Pour 1 1/2 cups of water in roasting pan and bake until the cheesecake is almost set (the center 2 inches should jiggle slightly) and edges have pulled away slightly from pan, 50 to 60 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn off oven and leave door cracked open about 7 to 8 inches; let cheesecake stand in oven 30 minutes. Remove from oven and carefully lift cheesecake from water bath. Cover and chill at least 3 hours or overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To make the ganache: Heat cream and Baileys in a small saucepan over medium heat until warm to the touch, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in espresso powder until fully combined. Add chocolate chips and let stand 1 minute; stir until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove cheesecake from pan and place on a cake plate. Pour ganache evenly over chilled cheesecake, spreading slightly over edges with an offset spatula. Refrigerate until ganache is firm, about 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Tips Java Chip Oreos add a lot of coffee flavor, but you can use regular Oreos instead if you like.

Title: Shamrock Lucky Charms Treats
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons salted butter, 1 (10 ounce) package marshmallows, 3 drops green food coloring, or as needed, 6 cups frosted toasted oat cereal with marshmallows (such as Lucky Charms®)
Instructions: Line a 9x13-inch pan with parchment paper and coat with nonstick cooking spray. Melt butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat and mix in a few drops of green food coloring (to your desired color). Place the cereal in a large bowl. Add marshmallow mixture and stir until the cereal is well coated. Evenly and gently press the cereal mixture into the prepared pan with a greased spatula. Set aside to cool. Once cooled, remove the treats (with the parchment paper) from the pan and place on top of a cutting board. Cut the cereal treats into shamrock shapes using a shamrock cookie cutter. Cook's Note: If you want an extra fun presentation, separate some of the marshmallow shapes from the cereal before mixing with the melted marshmallow mixture. Gently press the reserved marshmallows on top of the treats after cutting to add some color and design to the final presentation.

Title: Cajun Chicken and Sausage Gumbo
Ingredients: 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, 2 1/2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 cup vegetable oil, divided, 1 pound andouille sausage, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 large white onion, finely chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 pepper jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic. minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, or to taste, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, or 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 pound sliced okra, 4 cups cooked rice, or as needed, for serving, sliced green onions for serving
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Place chicken in a baking dish and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning and garlic powder. Cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink at the center and juices run clear, 50 to 60 minutes. Allow to cool slightly and shred chicken into 1 to 2-inch pieces. Set aside. Meanwhile, add 2 teaspoons oil and sausage to a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until sausage is browned, about 5 minutes. Remove sausage using a slotted spoon to drain on paper towels; set aside. Reserve drippings in the pot. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add remaining oil to the pot and whisk in flour. Cook, stirring often, until roux is dark brown, about 1 hour. Add onion, peppers, celery, garlic, and salt to the roux. Increase heat to medium-high and cook, stirring constantly, until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in remaining Cajun seasoning, stock, bay leaves, black pepper, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, and thyme, and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Add reserved chicken and sausage, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for 20 minutes. Stir in okra and cook for 20 minutes. Serve with hot cooked rice and green onions.

Title: Green Lentil “Gumbo” Soup
Ingredients: 8 ounces andouille sausage, cut into 1/4-inch cubes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup diced onion, 1 cup diced green bell pepper, 2/3 cup diced celery, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more to taste, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 bay leaf, 6 cups no-salt or low-sodium chicken broth, 8 ounces chicken thighs, cut into small pieces, 4 ounces smoked ham, diced, 3/4 cup sliced fresh or frozen okra, 1 cup green lentils, rinsed, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 teaspoon Louisiana-style hot sauce, 1/4 cup chopped Italian parsley, 1/3 cup sliced green onions, 2 cups cooked white rice (optional), 1/3 cup sliced green onions, or as needed, 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
Instructions: Add andouille to a dry soup pot and place over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until sausage begins to brown, a few minutes. Add all the olive oil, unless a lot of fat was rendered from the sausage, in which case adjust the amount of oil added. Add onion, green pepper, celery, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until onions turn translucent, about 5 minutes. Add paprika, cumin, black pepper, thyme, oregano, and bay leaf. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes more. Stir in broth, raise heat to high, and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to medium low and stir in chicken, ham, and sliced okra. Cook’s Note For nice tender lentils, do not use a salted broth, or add any additional salt. This can prevent the lentils from getting tender. Once lentils have softened up near the end of the cooking time, more salt can be added to taste. Cook for 10 minutes, then stir in lentils. Simmer soup, stirring occasionally, until lentils are tender, about 1 hour. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, parsley, and green onions, and cook for another few minutes. Season to taste with salt. Serve with rice, more green onions, and a shake of cayenne. Chef John

Title: Slow Cooker Irish Beef Stew
Ingredients: 3  russet potatoes, diced, 1 pound baby carrots, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, or to taste, 2 pounds beef chuck roast, cubed, 1 (16 ounce) bottle stout beer, divided, 1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste, 1 cup beef broth, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Place potatoes, carrots, onion, and garlic into a slow cooker. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add beef; cook and stir until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Transfer beef to the slow cooker with vegetables. Pour 1/4 cup beer into the same skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of beef off of the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Stir in tomato paste; cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Pour mixture into the slow cooker. Pour remaining beer, beef broth, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, salt, and pepper into the slow cooker. Cook on Low until potatoes and carrots are easily pierced with a fork, about 8 hours, or on High for 3 to 4 hours.

Title: Beef and Pineapple Stir Fry
Ingredients: 1 pound beef top round or top sirloin, thinly sliced, 1/4 cup cornstarch, divided, 1 (14-ounce) can pineapple chunks in juice, drained, juice reserved, 1/2 cup beef broth, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sambal oelek or Sriracha, or to taste, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 cup matchstick-cut carrots, 7 ounces fresh snow peas, trimmed, 1/2 large red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, fresh chopped chives for garnish (optional), hot cooked rice (optional)
Instructions: Combine beef strips and 2 tablespoons cornstarch in a bowl; toss until beef strips are evenly coated. Set aside. To make sauce, stir 1/4 cup reserved pineapple juice, beef broth, soy sauce, rice vinegar, and sambal oelek or Sriracha together in a bowl; set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add beef and onion to the hot oil, and cook, stirring quickly and constantly, until beef is browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in carrots, snow peas, and bell pepper; cook and stir about 1 minute. Add garlic and ginger and cook about 30 seconds. Stir in reserved sauce and pineapple chunks. Stir remaining cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water and add to the skillet. Cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is thickened, 1 to 2 minutes more. Serve immediately with hot cooked rice, garnished with fresh chives, if desired.

Title: Pork Chop Stir-Fry
Ingredients: 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 3 cups small cauliflower florets, 2 medium carrots, julienned, 1 ½ cups frozen corn, thawed, ½ cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 pound boneless pork chops, cut into stir-fry strips, 2 stalks green onions, thin sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, ¾ teaspoon ground ginger, ½ teaspoon chili powder, 1 cup water, ¼ cup soy sauce, 4 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons chicken bouillon granules, 2 tablespoons cold water, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, ¼ cup salted peanuts, 3 cups hot cooked rice
Instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add cauliflower and stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes. Add carrots and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Add corn and peas; cook until veggies are crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Remove all veggies to a bowl and keep warm. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the skillet. Add pork and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Add green onions, garlic, ginger, and chili powder; fry until pork is no longer pink, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the skillet and keep warm. Add 1 cup water, soy sauce, honey, and bouillon to the skillet. Stir 2 tablespoons cold water and cornstarch together in a small bowl, then gradually add to the skillet, stirring constantly; bring to a boil. Cook and stir until thickened, about 2 minutes. Return vegetables and pork to the pan; cook until heated through. Stir in peanuts and serve over hot cooked rice.

Title: Beef Teriyaki Noodles
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) package vermicelli noodles, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 2 medium zucchini, diced, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 large bell pepper, diced, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 pound boneless rib-eye steak, fat trimmed, cut crosswise into thin strips, ½ cup soy sauce, ¼ cup water, ¼ cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, ½ teaspoon ground ginger
Instructions: Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in noodles and return to a boil. Cook noodles uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta is tender yet firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain and keep warm. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat; add zucchini, onion, and bell pepper. Season lightly with salt and pepper; cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are lightly caramelized and tender, about 8 minutes. Add minced garlic and cook until garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute. Transfer vegetables into a bowl and set aside. Heat remaining oil in the skillet until hot. Add steak strips and sear until nicely browned on each side and steak is cooked to medium. Season steak lightly with salt and pepper while it cooks. Meanwhile, to make the teriyaki sauce: combine soy sauce, water, brown sugar, vinegar, cornstarch, and ginger in a bowl. Whisk until sauce is well blended. Add vegetables back into the skillet once steak is cooked and pour teriyaki sauce over everything. Bring mixture to a simmer, and cook until the sauce thickens up, about 2 minutes. Add cooked noodles and gently stir to evenly coat noodles with the sauce. Taste, and adjust the seasonings if desired. Cook’s Note Feel free to use any cut of steak you prefer, and you can swap up the vegetables to use what you have on hand, or like best!

Title: Fresh Strawberry Pie with Jell-O
Ingredients: 1 cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 cup boiling water, 2 ½ quarts fresh strawberries, hulled, 2 (8 inch) pie shells, baked, 1 (3 ounce) package strawberry-flavored gelatin mix
Instructions: Whisk sugar and cornstarch together in a saucepan until completely blended. Pour in boiling water and cook over medium heat until mixture thickens and is clear in color, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in gelatin mix until smooth. Let mixture cool to room temperature, 15 to 30 minutes. While the mixture is cooling, place strawberries into baked pie shells with the points facing up. Pour cooled gelatin mixture over strawberries and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.

Title: Strawberry Pie
Ingredients: 1 quart fresh strawberries, hulled, 1 (9 inch) pie crust, baked, 1 cup white sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, ¾ cup water, ½ cup heavy whipping cream
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange 1/2 of strawberries in baked pastry shell. Place remaining strawberries in a medium saucepan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add sugar to the strawberries in the saucepan; place over medium heat and bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk cornstarch and water together in a small bowl. Gradually stir cornstarch mixture into boiling strawberry mixture. Reduce heat and simmer mixture until thickened, about 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour cooked strawberry mixture over berries in pastry shell. Refrigerate until chilled and set, at least 3 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Before serving, whip cream in a medium bowl until soft peaks form. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve each slice of pie with a dollop of whipped cream. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Strawberry Rhubarb Cream Pie
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups white sugar, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, ¾ teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3  eggs, beaten, 4 cups chopped rhubarb, 3 cups halved fresh strawberries, 1 recipe pastry for a 9 inch double crust pie, 1  egg white
Instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). In a large bowl, mix together sugar, flour, and nutmeg. Stir in eggs. Fold in rhubarb making sure to coat well, then do the same with the strawberries. Pour mixture into pie crust. Place second crust on top being sure to cut slits into it to vent steam. Brush egg white on top crust. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes in the preheated oven, until rhubarb is tender, and crust is golden.

Title: Frangipane Strawberry Shortcake
Ingredients: 1/2 cup butter, softened, 1/2 cup white sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons milk, 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon fine salt, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/8 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup almond flour, 1/4 cup sliced almonds, 2 pounds strawberries, 2/3 cup white sugar
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease four 5.5-ounce ramekins with butter, and line bottoms with a round piece of parchment paper. Alternatively, line 6 wells of a standard muffin tin with parchment paper cups. Beat butter and sugar together with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add egg, milk, flour, baking powder, salt, vanilla, and almond extract, and mix again until light and fluffy. Add almond flour and mix until incorporated. Transfer batter evenly into ramekins, and top with sliced almonds. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. If using a muffin tin, check after 25 minutes. Let cool for 20 minutes; remove from the ramekins. Let cool completely before using. Trim strawberries, cut into 1/8-inch slices, and add to a bowl. Add sugar and toss with a spoon until sugar disappears. Cover and let stand 20 minutes. Uncover, toss berries; cover again and let stand 20 minutes more, then refrigerate until strawberries have produced as much syrup as you like. To serve, cut shortcakes in half, and place bottom half in a bowl. Spoon strawberries and syrup generously over, then place top half of shortcake on top. Serve with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream. John Mitzewich Chef's Note: This will make enough strawberries and syrup for 6 portions, so if you use 4 ramekins instead of 6 muffin cups, you will have leftovers to top ice cream or yogurt.

Title: Classic Strawberry Shortcakes
Ingredients: 1 quart fresh strawberries, sliced, ¼ cup sugar, 2 ⅓ cups Original Bisquick mix, ½ cup milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, ½ cup whipping cream
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Mix strawberries and 1/4 cup sugar in a large bowl; set aside. Stir Bisquick mix, milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, and butter in a medium bowl until soft dough forms. Drop dough by 6 spoonfuls onto an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, beat whipping cream in a medium bowl with electric mixer on high speed until soft peaks form. Split warm shortcakes; fill and top with strawberries and whipped cream. Cook’s Note For high altitude (3500-6500 ft): Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Decrease sugar to 1 tablespoon.

Title: Strawberry Shortcake
Ingredients: 6 cups fresh strawberries, ⅓ cup white sugar, 2 ¼ cups all-purpose flour, ¼ cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, ¼ teaspoon salt, ½ cup butter cold unsalted butter, cut into ½-inch pieces, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, ¾ cup half-and-half, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, divided, 1 ½ cups whipped heavy cream, ¼ cup powdered sugar
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease an 8-inch cake pan with butter and lightly dust with flour. Slice the strawberries and toss them with 1/3 cup of white sugar. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine flour, 1/4 cup of white sugar, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl; cut in butter with a pastry blender or two knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Make a well in the center of mixture; add beaten egg, half-and-half, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Stir mixture until just combined and no dry spots remain, being careful not to overmix. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon batter evenly into prepared cake pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean and top is golden brown, about 18 minutes. Let cool partially in cake pan, about 10 minutes. Flip cake onto a clean work surface. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, beat heavy cream, powdered sugar, and remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut partially cooled cake in half horizontally, making 2 layers; set top layer aside. Drain reserved strawberries in a colander placed over a small bowl, reserving any juice. Brush strawberry juice evenly over top of bottom cake layer. Evenly arrange ½ of the drained strawberries over bottom layer of cake. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread ½ of whipped cream evenly over strawberries; place top cake layer over whipped cream. Top with remaining strawberries and whipped cream. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook’s Note To make 9 individual shortcakes: Drop batter onto a parchment paper-lined baking sheet using a scant ⅓ cupful, and spacing evenly apart. Bake in the preheated oven until tops are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool briefly, then split cakes in half horizontally. Brush strawberry juices evenly over top of each cake bottom; top each bottom half evenly with about 3 tablespoons drained strawberries and about 3 ½ tablespoons whipped cream. Cover with top cake halves. Top evenly with remaining strawberries and whipped cream. Editor's Note This recipe was tested in our test kitchen and updated to reduce the amount of baking powder in the cake based on user feedback.

Title: Mouth-Watering Stuffed Mushrooms
Ingredients: 12  whole fresh mushrooms, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon onion powder, ¼ teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Clean mushrooms with a damp paper towel; carefully break off stems. Chop stems extremely fine, discarding the tough end of stems. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and chopped mushroom stems; fry until any moisture has evaporated, taking care not to burn garlic. Set aside to cool. Stir in cream cheese, Parmesan cheese, black pepper, onion powder, and cayenne. The mixture will be very thick; use a teaspoon to fill each mushroom cap with a generous amount of stuffing. Arrange mushroom caps on the prepared cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until the mushrooms are piping hot, about 20 minutes. Alberta Rose

Title: Stuffed Cream Cheese Mushrooms
Ingredients: cooking spray, 12  whole fresh mushrooms, tough ends trimmed, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ¼ teaspoon onion powder, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Prepare a baking sheet with cooking spray. Clean mushrooms with a damp paper towel. Carefully break stems from mushrooms. Finely chop stems and set caps aside. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry chopped mushroom stems and garlic in hot oil until any moisture has disappeared, taking care not to burn the garlic, 3 to 5 minutes. Spread mushroom mixture into a bowl to cool completely, about 10 minutes. Stir cream cheese, Parmesan cheese, black pepper, onion powder, and cayenne pepper into the cooled mushroom mixture until very thick and completely mixed. Use a small spoon to fill each mushroom cap with a generous amount of stuffing. Arrange stuffed mushrooms on the prepared cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until piping hot and liquid starts to form under each cap, about 20 minutes.

Title: Crab-Stuffed Mushrooms
Ingredients: 7 ounces crabmeat, 5  green onions, thinly sliced, ¼ teaspoon dried thyme or to taste, ¼ teaspoon dried oregano or to taste, ¼ teaspoon ground savory or to taste, ground black pepper to taste, ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese, ⅓ cup mayonnaise, 1 pound fresh mushrooms, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, ¼ teaspoon paprika
Instructions: Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine crabmeat, green onions, thyme, oregano, savory, and pepper in a medium bowl. Mix in mayonnaise and 1/4 cup Parmesan until well combined. Refrigerate filling until ready to use. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Wipe mushrooms clean with a damp towel. Remove stems. Spoon out the gills and the base of the stem, making deep cups. Discard gills and stems. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill mushroom caps with rounded teaspoonfuls of filling and place them in an ungreased shallow baking dish. Sprinkle tops with Parmesan and paprika. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake mushrooms in preheated oven until heated through, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip The filling for the mushrooms can be made with fresh, canned, or imitation crabmeat. If using canned, be sure to rinse it first.

Title: Italian Stuffed Cubanelle Peppers
Ingredients: 1 pound bulk Italian turkey sausage, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 cup Italian-seasoned bread crumbs, ½ cup Monterey Jack cheese, ½ cup mozzarella cheese, 1 large egg, beaten, ¼ cup cooked rice, ¼ cup grated Romano cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, or to taste, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 8  Cubanelle peppers, stemmed and seeded
Instructions: Cook and stir sausage in a large skillet over medium heat until crumbly and lightly browned, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain excess grease and transfer sausage to a medium bowl. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and garlic in hot oil until fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in sausage, bread crumbs, Monterey Jack cheese, mozzarella cheese, beaten egg, cooked rice, Romano cheese, and parsley until well combined. Season with salt and black pepper. Transfer to a large bowl. Wipe out the skillet and heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Cook and stir Cubanelle peppers in hot oil until lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove to a plate to cool slightly. Stuff Cubanelle peppers with rice mixture, using a teaspoon to push it into the tip. Arrange stuffed peppers in a 10x13-inch baking dish; cover the dish with aluminum foil. Bake in the preheated oven until peppers are tender, about 45 minutes. Remove foil and continue baking for 15 minutes more. Cook’s Note You can stuff peppers beforehand to save prep time. They also freeze nicely for a make-ahead meal. You can omit the sausage in the mixture when cooking for vegetarians.

Title: Orzo Stuffed Peppers
Ingredients: 1/2 cup orzo, 2 ounces fresh spinach, 1 teaspoon Greek seasoning, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 small onion, minced, 2 clove garlic, minced, 8 ounces ground beef, 1 cup tomato sauce, divided, 1 tablespoons lemon juice, or to taste, 1/2 teaspoon minced fresh mint, or to taste, 3 bell peppers, 1/3 cup crumbled feta cheese, or as needed, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, or as needed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Lightly grease a casserole dish. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; add orzo and cook for exactly 6 minutes. Place spinach in a strainer. Pour orzo into the strainer over spinach. Transfer orzo and spinach to a mixing bowl and stir in Greek seasoning; set aside. Meanwhile, add oil to a heavy skillet, and heat over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add onion, garlic, and ground beef. Cook and stir ground beef until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in 1/2 cup tomato sauce. Add beef mixture to orzo mixture; add lemon juice and mint, and stir to combine. Taste; adjust lemon juice and mint to taste. Cut bell peppers in half lengthwise; carefully remove stem, seeds, and ribs. Stuff peppers with beef orzo mixture. Spread remaining 1/2 cup tomato sauce in the bottom of the prepared casserole dish. Place each stuffed pepper into the dish; cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven until peppers are tender, about 40 minutes. Remove foil. Sprinkle pine nuts and feta cheese over peppers. Bake until pine nuts are lightly toasted, about 10 minutes more. Serve immediately.

Title: Jazzy Stuffed Peppers
Ingredients: 1 pound ground turkey, 1 (8 ounce) box dirty rice mix, (such as Zatarain’s®), 2 1/2 cups water, 1 tablespoon avocado oil or other vegetable oil, 4 large red or green bell peppers, sliced in half lengthwise and seeded, 14 1/2 ounces stewed tomatoes, 1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground turkey in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain. Add dirty rice mix, water, and vegetable oil; bring to a simmer, reduce the heat, and cook until rice is tender, about 25 minutes. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat. Add pepper halves, 4 at a time, and cook until beginning to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a colander to drain. Spread stewed tomatoes in a 9x13-inch casserole dish. Place pepper halves on top of tomatoes, cut side up. Stuff each with dirty rice mixture; sprinkle with cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until filling is heated through and cheese is melted, about 15 minutes. Cook’s Note These would also be delicious made with ground beef.

Title: The Best Rolled Sugar Cookies
Ingredients: 2 cups white sugar, 1 ½ cups butter, softened, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat sugar and softened butter together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat in eggs and vanilla. Stir in flour, baking powder, and salt. Cover, and chill dough for at least 1 hour (or overnight). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly dust a work surface with flour. Roll out dough to 1/4 to 1/2 inch thickness. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cut into shapes with any cookie cutter. Place cookies 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheets. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Carefully transfer cookies to a wire rack and cool completely before decorating. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Sugar Cookies with Buttercream Frosting
Ingredients: 1 cup butter, 1 cup white sugar, 2  eggs, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 ¼ cups all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon baking soda, ½ teaspoon salt, ½ cup shortening, 1 pound confectioners' sugar, 5 tablespoons water, ¼ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, ¼ teaspoon butter flavored extract
Instructions: In a large bowl, mix together butter, sugar, eggs, and vanilla with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; gradually stir flour mixture into butter mixture until well blended using a sturdy spoon. Chill dough for 2 hours. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough to 1/4 inch thickness. Cut into desired shapes using cookie cutters. Place cookies 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake for 4 to 6 minutes in the preheated oven. Remove cookies from pan and cool on wire racks. Using an electric mixer, beat shortening, confectioners sugar, water, salt, vanilla extract, and butter flavoring until fluffy. Frost cookies after they have cooled completely.

Title: Sandy's Super Sugar Cookies
Ingredients: 5 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, ¼ teaspoon salt, 2 cups butter, room temperature, 2 cups white sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2  large eggs
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Sift flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl. Beat butter and white sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy; beat in vanilla extract. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Gradually add flour mixture to butter mixture on low speed until dough is just-combined. Divide dough into 4 portions; refrigerate 3 portions. Roll remaining portion out on a lightly-floured work surface to 1/4-inch thick. Use cookie cutters to cut dough into desired shapes and transfer cookies to prepared baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until slightly golden at the edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat rolling, cutting, and baking process with remaining dough portions. Cook's Note: Dough can be refrigerated up to 2 days. Or, if you like, you can make the dough, pat it into a few disks, wrap it well, label, and freeze for up to 3 months. Thaw in the fridge, then roll out.

Title: 4-Ingredient Keto Peanut Butter Cookies
Ingredients: 1 cup peanut butter, ½ cup low-calorie natural sweetener (such as Swerve®), 1  egg, 1 teaspoon sugar-free vanilla extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine peanut butter, sweetener, egg, and vanilla extract in a bowl; mix well until a dough is formed. Roll dough into 12 (1-inch) balls. Place on the prepared baking sheet and press down twice with a fork in a criss-cross pattern. Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool for 1 minute before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.

Title: Best Pennsylvania Dutch Chicken Corn Soup
Ingredients: 2 (3 pound) whole chickens, cut into pieces, 3 quarts water, 3  onions, minced, 1 cup chopped celery, 2 ½ tablespoons salt, 1 ¼ teaspoons ground nutmeg, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 10 ears fresh corn, kernels cut from cob, 3  eggs, divided, 1 cup sifted all-purpose flour, ½ cup milk
Instructions: Combine chicken, water, onions, celery, salt, nutmeg, and pepper in a large stockpot over medium heat and bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer, adding water as needed, until chicken is very tender, about 2 hours. Transfer chicken to a deep dish; pour soup into a large jug or bowl. Cover and refrigerate chicken and soup for 6 to 8 hours. Remove and discard the layer of fat that has solidified on the surface of soup. Transfer soup into a large pot over medium heat; stir in corn and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until corn is tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, place 2 of the eggs in a small saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel, and chop. Set aside. Chop chilled chicken meat into small chunks; stir into soup. Beat remaining egg in a medium bowl until light in color. Beat in flour and milk until smooth. Drop pea-sized lumps of rivel dough into the soup, a few at a time, to make small dumplings. Cook, stirring constantly, until dumplings hold their shape and float to the surface, 2 to 5 minutes. Stir in chopped egg.

Title: No Bake Sugar Free Strawberry Cheesecake
Ingredients: ¾ cup graham cracker crumbs, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, ¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon, ¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1 ½ cups milk, 1 (1 ounce) package cheesecake flavor sugar-free instant pudding mix, 2 pints fresh strawberries, sliced
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Press the mixture into an 8-inch pie dish; refrigerate while making the filling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat cream cheese in a mixing bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until softened. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce speed to slow; gradually beat in milk (the mixture will be watery). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Use a rubber spatula to scrape cream cheese from the sides of the bowl, if necessary. Beat in pudding mix until the filling is thick and smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon 1/2 of the cream cheese filling onto the bottom of prepared crust. Spread 1/2 of the strawberries over the filling; repeat with remaining filling and strawberries. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Chill pie in refrigerator until filling is set, at least 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Homemade Sushi
Ingredients: 1 ⅓ cups water, ⅔ cup uncooked short-grain white rice, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, 4 sheets nori seaweed sheets, ½ pound imitation crabmeat, flaked, 1  avocado - peeled, pitted, and sliced, ½  cucumber, peeled, cut into small strips, 2 tablespoons pickled ginger
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring water to a boil in a medium pot; stir in rice. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Mix rice vinegar, sugar, and salt in a small bowl. Gently stir into cooked rice in the pot and set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Lay nori sheets on a baking sheet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat nori in the preheated oven until warm, 1 to 2 minutes. Center 1 nori sheet on a bamboo sushi mat. Use wet hands to spread a thin layer of rice on top. Arrange 1/4 of the crabmeat, avocado, cucumber, and pickled ginger over rice in a line down the center. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Lift one end of the mat and roll it tightly over filling to make a complete roll. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Use a wet, sharp knife to cut each roll into 4 to 6 slices. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Recipe Tip If you do not have a bamboo sushi mat, the easiest way to roll sushi is with a clean dish towel.

Title: Cream Cheese and Crab Sushi Rolls
Ingredients: 1 cup uncooked white rice, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 sheets nori seaweed sheets, ¼  cucumber, peeled and sliced lengthwise, 2 pieces imitation crab legs, ½ (3 ounce) package cream cheese, sliced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger root
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender, and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Stir in rice vinegar and salt. Allow to cool completely. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Lay out seaweed sheets. Moisten hands with water, then spread cooled rice evenly on each sheet, leaving a 1/2-inch gap along one edge, lengthwise. Arrange strips of cucumber, imitation crabmeat, and cream cheese on top of the rice in a straight line along the side opposite the gap. Roll up sushi from the toppings to the seaweed sheet's exposed end. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using a sharp wet knife, slice each roll into 5 or 6 pieces. Serve with minced ginger on the side. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Grandma's Sweet Potato Pie
Ingredients: 3 large sweet potatoes, peeled and diced, ½  orange, peel cut into thin strips, 1  pastry for a 9-inch pie crust, 2  eggs, 1 tablespoon pineapple juice, 1 tablespoon salted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 1 ½ teaspoons ground cinnamon, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ teaspoon ground ginger, 1 pinch ground cloves, 1 pinch salt, 1 cup white sugar, 1 cup heavy whipping cream
Instructions: Place sweet potatoes and orange peel into a large pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until soft, about 10 minutes. Drain well and let cool. Discard orange peel. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a 9-inch pie plate with pie crust. Mash cooled sweet potatoes with a potato masher or fork. Mix in eggs until well blended. Add pineapple juice, butter, and vanilla extract; mix until combined. Mix in flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, cloves, and salt. Mix in sugar until dissolved. Blend in heavy cream using a whisk. Pour sweet potato mixture into the pie crust. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Place on a cloth on a table or window sill to cool down. Cook's Notes: Substitute 1 can condensed milk for the heavy cream if desired. Do not cool this pie in the fridge or freezer.

Title: Sweet Potato Pie
Ingredients: 1 (1 pound) sweet potato, with skin, ½ cup butter, softened, 1 cup white sugar, ½ cup milk, 2 large eggs, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 (9 inch) unbaked pie crust
Instructions: Place whole sweet potato in pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Boil until tender when pierced with a fork, 40 to 50 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove sweet potato from the pot and run under cold water. Remove and discard skin. Break sweet potato flesh apart and place in a bowl. Add butter and mix with an electric mixer until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add sugar, milk, eggs, nutmeg, cinnamon, and vanilla; beat on medium speed until mixture is smooth. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour filling into unbaked pie crust. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool before serving. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Recipe Tip The pie will be puffed up like a soufflé when you remove it from the oven, but it will deflate as it cools.

Title: Sweet Potato Pie from Eagle Brand
Ingredients: 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, ¼ cup butter or margarine, 1 (14 ounce) can EAGLE BRAND® Sweetened Condensed Milk, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, ¼ teaspoon salt, 1 (9 inch) pie shell, unbaked
Instructions: Place sweet potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. While the potatoes are cooking, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Drain potatoes and place into a large mixing bowl. Add butter and beat with an electric mixer until smooth. Mix in condensed milk, eggs, orange zest, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt until smooth; pour into pie shell. Bake in the preheated oven until the surface is firm except for a small spot in the center that will jiggle when the pan is gently shaken, about 40 minutes. Let cool before serving.

Title: Easy Swiss Steak
Ingredients: ¼ cup all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, divided, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 pounds beef round steak, cut 1-inch thick, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, ¼ cup water, or as needed, 1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes, ½ cup minced green bell pepper, 1 teaspoon onion powder, ⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Stir flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper in a small bowl until combined; sprinkle over steak. Pound flour mixture into meat with a mallet or the edge of a sturdy plate. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook floured steak in hot oil until browned on both sides, about 15 minutes. Reduce heat to low and pour in water. Cover the skillet and simmer until meat is tender, about 1 hour. Add more water to the skillet if needed to prevent burning. Mix together tomatoes, green bell pepper, onion powder, remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon black pepper in a medium bowl until combined; pour over steak in the skillet. Bring to a simmer and cook until sauce has thickened, about 30 minutes.

Title: Instant Pot Swiss Steak
Ingredients: 1 ½ pounds bottom round steak, 1 inch thick and trimmed of fat, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, ¼ cup all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons avocado oil, divided, or as needed, 1  green bell pepper, chopped (Optional), 1 medium onion, chopped, ½ cup carrot, chopped, ½ cup chopped celery, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, ¼ cup Merlot wine, 2 ¾ cups canned chopped Italian-style tomatoes in juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 teaspoon paprika
Instructions: Dry steak well with paper towels and cut into four 4-inch pieces. Season with salt and black pepper. Place flour into a shallow bowl. Dredge steak in flour, shaking off excess. Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot) and select Sauté function. Heat 1 tablespoon avocado oil in the pot. Working in batches, cook steak in hot oil until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer browned steak to a warm plate and set aside. Add remaining 1 tablespoon avocado oil to the pot. Cook and stir bell pepper, onion, carrot, and celery in hot oil until onion is soft and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour in wine to deglaze the pot. Mix in tomatoes, Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, oregano, and paprika. Return steak to the pot and push down into tomato mixture. Close and lock the lid. Select manual pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set the timer for 30 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Allow pressure to release naturally according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Carefully open the valve to release remaining pressure, about 5 minutes more. Unlock and remove the lid.

Title: Slow Cooker Swiss Steak
Ingredients: ¼ cup all-purpose flour, salt and pepper to taste, 1 ½ pounds round steak, cut into small pieces, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 1  onion, chopped, 3  carrots, shredded, 2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes with juice, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, or to taste, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
Instructions: Mix together flour, salt, and pepper in a shallow bowl. Dredge steak pieces in flour mixture to lightly coat. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir celery, onion, and carrots in hot oil until tender, about 5 minutes. Add coated steak pieces; cook and stir until lightly browned, about 5 minutes more. Transfer steak-vegetable mixture to the slow cooker. Stir in tomatoes with juice, brown sugar, and Worcestershire sauce. Cover and cook on Low until steak is very tender, 8 to 10 hours.

Title: Huke Family Vegetarian Taco Salad
Ingredients: 1 large iceberg lettuce, chopped, 3 green onions, chopped, 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 (15 1/2 ounce) can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 1 (2 1/4 ounce) can sliced ripe olives, drained, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 cup French salad dressing, such as Ott's™ Original Famous Dressing, 1 cup crushed nacho cheese tortilla chips, such as Dorito's® Nacho Cheese Flavored Tortilla Chips
Instructions: Combine lettuce, onions, tomatoes, beans, olives, and cheese in a large bowl. Toss. Drizzle salad dressing over the top; toss. Add the crushed tortilla chips and toss again. Serve immediately.

Title: Taco Salad
Ingredients: 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 (16 ounce) can chili beans, 1 (16 ounce) bottle French dressing, 1 (1.25 ounce) package taco seasoning mix, 1 (14.5 ounce) package tortilla chips, 1 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, ½ cup prepared salsa, 4 tablespoons sour cream
Instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Stir in chili beans, French-style dressing, and seasoning mix. Fill the empty dressing bottle 2/3 full of water and add to the skillet. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Crush the bag of chips, open the bag, and toss crushed chips into a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add cheese, and tomatoes. Pour meat mixture into the bowl; mix well. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill a bowl with lettuce. Top with meat mixture, salsa, and sour cream. Serve warm and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Doritos® Taco Salad
Ingredients: 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 medium onion, finely diced, salt and ground black pepper to taste, ¼ cup water, 1 ½ tablespoons taco seasoning mix, 1 (15 ounce) can dark red kidney beans, drained, ½ (12 ounce) bag nacho cheese-flavored corn chips (such as Doritos®), crushed, 1 large head romaine lettuce, chopped, 1 ½ medium tomatoes, diced, ½ cup shredded Cheddar cheese, or more to taste, ½ cup Catalina salad dressing, or to taste
Instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium to medium-high heat and saute ground beef, diced onion, salt, and pepper together until ground beef is browned and no longer pink and onions are tender, about 10 minutes. Add 1/4 cup water and taco seasoning to the meat. Stir to coat and allow to simmer for 1 minute to thicken. Set aside to cool while you prep the salad. Add kidney beans, crushed chips, lettuce, tomatoes, Cheddar cheese, and dressing to a large bowl. Top with meat mixture and toss gently to evenly combine. Serve immediately.

Title: Smash Burger Taco
Ingredients: 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 teaspoon mustard, 1 tablespoon relish, 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 lb ground round, 1 teaspoon Kosher salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 (6-inch) flour tortillas, 2 slices American cheese, cut in half lengthwise, 1 cup shredded iceberg lettuce, 1/4 cup diced onion
Instructions: Combine mayo, ketchup, mustard, relish, and hot sauce in a small bowl; set sauce aside. Heat a griddle over medium-high heat. Divide beef into 4 loose portions and place them in mounds on the hot griddle. Season evenly with salt and pepper and cook for 2 minutes. Place a tortilla on top of each beef portion and press down to flatten the beef into the shape and size of the tortilla. Cook until tortilla is golden-brown, 2 to 3 more minutes. Flip each patty over and top with cheese. When cheese has melted and the tortilla has lightly browned, top with lettuce and onions. Drizzle with sauce, remove from the griddle and fold in half like a taco. Serve immediately. fabeveryday

Title: Phenomenal Pork Tacos
Ingredients: 1  red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1  Roma tomato, seeded and finely chopped, 1  ripe kiwi, diced, 1  lime, quartered, divided, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, divided, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 4 tablespoons sour cream, olive oil, 1  poblano pepper - cored, seeded, and finely chopped, 10 ounces ground pork, 1 tablespoon Mexican seasoning, 2 tablespoons chicken stock, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 6  flour tortillas
Instructions: Mince a few slices of onion to get 1 tablespoon. Add minced onion, tomato, kiwi, juice from 2 lime wedges, 3/4 of the cilantro, salt, and pepper to a small bowl. Mix into a salsa. Juice 1/4 of the lime into another small bowl; mix in sour cream to make the crema. Heat olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. Add sliced onion and poblano pepper. Cook, tossing occasionally, until softened and lightly charred, 3 to 4 minutes. Add pork and Mexican seasoning. Cook until pork is browned throughout, 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add chicken stock, tomato paste, salt, and pepper. Cook and stir until everything is coated, 1 to 2 minutes. Wrap tortillas in a damp cloth and microwave for 30 seconds. Divide tortillas over plates; spread lime crema on top. Top tortillas with pork mixture and salsa. Garnish with remaining cilantro.

Title: Slow Cooker Texas Pulled Pork
Ingredients: 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 (4 pound) pork shoulder roast, 1 cup barbeque sauce, ½ cup apple cider vinegar, ½ cup chicken broth, ¼ cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon prepared yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 extra large onion, chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 1 ½ teaspoons dried thyme, 8  hamburger buns, split, 2 tablespoons butter, or as needed
Instructions: Pour vegetable oil into the bottom of a slow cooker. Place pork roast into the slow cooker; pour in barbeque sauce, vinegar, and chicken broth. Stir in brown sugar, yellow mustard, Worcestershire sauce, chili powder, onion, garlic, and thyme. Cover and cook on Low for 10 to 12 hours or High for 5 to 6 hours until pork shreds easily with a fork. Remove pork from the slow cooker, and shred the meat using two forks. Return shredded pork to the slow cooker, and stir to combine with juices. Spread the inside of both halves of hamburger buns with butter. Toast buns, butter-side down, in a skillet over medium heat until golden brown. Spoon pulled pork into toasted buns. psychedilemma

Title: Best Brownies
Ingredients: ½ cup butter, 1 cup white sugar, 2  eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ⅓ cup unsweetened cocoa powder, ½ cup all-purpose flour, ¼ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon baking powder, 3 tablespoons butter, softened, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup confectioners' sugar
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour an 8-inch square pan. Melt 1/2 cup butter in a large saucepan. Remove from heat, and stir in sugar, eggs, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat in 1/3 cup cocoa, flour, salt, and baking powder. Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until top is dry and edges have started to pull away from the sides of the pan, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool briefly before frosting. To make the frosting: Combine softened butter, confectioners' sugar, 3 tablespoons cocoa, honey, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract in a bowl. Stir until smooth. Frost brownies while they are still warm.

Title: Tamales Rojos de Pollo (Red Chicken Tamales)
Ingredients: corn husks, 1 ¼ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 1 pinch salt to taste, 1 cup mulato chiles, stemmed and seeded, ⅓ cup ancho chiles, stemmed and seeded, 1 clove garlic, 8  cumin seeds, boiling water as needed, ½ pound lard, 1 pound masa harina, 3 cups chicken broth, or as needed, 1 ½ teaspoons baking powder, 1 ½ teaspoons salt
Instructions: Place corn husks in a bowl, cover with boiling water, and soak for a few hours. Drain, place on a work surface, and cover with a clean, damp towel. Place chicken in a pot, season with salt, and cover with water. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, reduce heat, cover, and simmer until chicken is cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain chicken and shred with 2 forks. Heat a griddle over medium heat and toast mulato and ancho chiles until fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes. Place in a bowl and cover with boiling water. Soak until soft, about 25 minutes. Combine ancho and mulato chiles, garlic, cumin seeds, and about 1/2 cup of the soaking water in a blender; blend until a thick, smooth, mole-like sauce forms, adding more water if necessary. Heat 1 tablespoon lard in a saucepan over medium heat and add the sauce; cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Add shredded chicken and cook until flavors are combined and chicken is heated through, about 5 minutes. Place remaining lard in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until creamy. Add masa harina, chicken broth, baking powder, and 1 1/2 teaspoon salt, and beat until all ingredients are well combined. Test if the masa is ready by dropping a small ball of masa into a glass of cold water; if it floats, it's ready, if not, keep working the dough a little longer. Select 1 wide corn husk. Spread about 2 tablespoons masa mixture onto the the corn husk, filling it up to 2 inches from the bottom and 1/4 inch from the top. Add 1 tablespoon of the chicken filling in the center of the masa mixture. Fold sides of husk together, one over the other. Fold the bottom of the husk over the seam of the 2 folded sides. Repeat with remaining husks. Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add tamales with the open side up and cook until filling is heated through and separates from the husk, about 1 hour. Let tamales rest for 15 minutes before serving. Recipe Tips The corn husks should be soaked in hot water for several hours so that they are soft and pliable. Make sure to soak and drain them well in advance. You can use shredded pork instead of chicken. Editor's Note: This recipe was originally submitted to Allrecipes.com.mx.

Title: Real Homemade Tamales
Ingredients: 1 ¼ pounds pork loin, 1 large onion, halved, 1 clove garlic, 4  dried chile peppers, 2 cups water, 1 ½ teaspoons salt, 1 (8 ounce) package dried corn husks, ⅔ cup lard, 1 (10.5 ounce) can beef broth, or as needed, 2 cups masa harina, 1 teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 cup sour cream
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Make the filling: Place pork, onion, and garlic in a Dutch oven. Add enough water to cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until pork is cooked through, about 2 hours. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Meanwhile, make chile sauce: Use rubber gloves to remove stems and seeds from chiles. Place chiles in a saucepan with 2 cups water. Simmer, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Transfer chiles and cooking water to a blender and blend until smooth. Strain mixture into a bowl and stir in salt. Set aside. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Shred cooked pork and mix in 1 cup chile sauce. Reserve remaining sauce for serving. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Prepare husks and dough: Soak corn husks in a bowl of warm water until softened, about 30 minutes. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA While the husks are soaking, beat lard with 1 tablespoon broth until fluffy. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Combine masa harina, baking powder, and salt in a separate bowl; stir into the lard mixture, adding more broth as needed to form a spongy dough. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Remove husks from water and pat dry. Spread dough out over husks to 1/4- to 1/2-inch thick. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Place 1 tablespoon pork filling over center of each. Fold the sides, top, and bottom of each husk in toward the center to enclose dough. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Arrange tamales in a steamer basket. Place over simmering water and steam for 1 hour. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Remove tamales from husks. Drizzle with remaining chile sauce and top with sour cream, or mix sour cream into chile sauce first for a creamy sauce. ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA Serve with your favorites sides, enjoy! ALLRECIPES / ANA CADENA

Title: Beef Tamales
Ingredients: 4 pounds boneless chuck roast, 4 cloves garlic, 3 (8 ounce) packages dried corn husks, 4  dried ancho chiles, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 cup beef broth, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, salt to taste, 3 cups lard, 1 tablespoon salt, 9 cups masa harina
Instructions: Place beef and garlic in a large pot. Cover with cold water and bring to a boil over high heat; reduce heat, cover, and simmer until beef is tender and shreds easily, about 3 1/2 hours. Remove beef from pot, reserving 5 cups cooking liquid and discarding garlic. Allow meat to cool slightly; shred finely with forks. Meanwhile, place corn husks in a large container and cover with warm water; soak, weighed down with an inverted plate and a heavy can, until soft and pliable, about 3 hours. Toast ancho chiles in a cast iron skillet; cool, then remove stems and seeds. Crumble and grind in a clean coffee grinder or with a mortar and pestle. Heat oil in a large skillet; stir in flour and allow to brown slightly. Pour in 1 cup beef broth and stir until smooth. Mix in ground chiles, garlic, oregano, cumin seeds, ground cumin, red pepper flakes, vinegar, and salt. Stir shredded beef into skillet and cover. Let simmer for 45 minutes. Place lard and salt in a large mixing bowl; beat with an electric mixer on high speed until fluffy. Add masa harina and beat at low speed until well mixed. Pour in reserved cooking liquid, a little at a time, until mixture is the consistency of soft cookie dough. Drain water from corn husks. One at a time, flatten out each husk, with the narrow end facing you, and spread approximately 2 tablespoons masa mixture onto the top 2/3 of the husk. Spread about 1 tablespoon of meat mixture down the middle of the masa. Roll up the corn husk starting at one of the long sides. Fold the narrow end of the husk onto the rolled tamale and tie with a piece of butchers' twine. Place tamales in a steamer basket. Steam over boiling water for approximately one hour, until masa is firm and holds its shape, adding more water if needed so the steamer does not boil dry. Serve immediately, allowing each person to unwrap their own tamales. Cook’s Note Allow any leftovers (still in husks) to cool, uncovered, in the refrigerator. These tamales can be frozen for up to 6 months in heavy-duty resealable plastic bags. To reheat, thaw in refrigerator and then steam or microwave until heated through.

Title: Spanish Omelette
Ingredients: ½ cup olive oil, ½ pound potatoes, thinly sliced, salt and pepper to taste, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 4 large eggs, 2 medium tomatoes - peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped (Optional), 2 green onions, chopped (Optional)
Instructions: Heat oil over medium-high heat in a large skillet. Add potatoes and season lightly with salt and pepper; cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, 10 to 14 minutes. Add onions; cook and stir until soft and beginning to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Whisk eggs in a bowl; season with salt and pepper. Pour eggs into the skillet and stir gently to combine with potatoes and onion. Reduce the heat to low and cook until eggs begin to brown on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes. Loosen omelette with a spatula. Invert a large plate over the pan, and carefully flip omelette out onto the plate. Slide omelette, uncooked-side down, back into the pan. Cook until eggs are set, 4 to 5 minutes. Serve warm, garnished with tomato and green onion.

Title: Tortilla de Patatas
Ingredients: 2 cups extra-virgin olive oil, 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons pink Himalayan salt, divided, 6 large eggs, 1 teaspoon olive oil, or more to taste
Instructions: Heat oil in a deep stockpot over medium-high heat until almost smoking, 2 to 4 minutes. Add potatoes and onion; they should be mostly covered with oil. Season with 1 ½ teaspoons salt. Cook, stirring occasionally and maintaining a gentle simmer, until potatoes are just fork-tender, 8 to 12 minutes; do not overcook. Drain potato-onion mixture in a colander; reserve oil for another use or discard. Allow to cool for a few minutes, then taste and season with more salt, if needed. Meanwhile, crack eggs into a large bowl and season with remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt; whisk until well beaten. Add potato-onion mixture and toss to coat. Heat a 10-inch nonstick skillet over high heat. Add 1 teaspoon olive oil, then pour in egg-potato mixture. Level it with a spatula and cook for 1 minute. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook for about 5 minutes. Run a rubber spatula around the outer edges to make sure it's not sticking and to help it form its shape. Once it starts to firm up around the edges and in the center (although it will still be a little runny), place a large plate over the skillet. Flip the omelet onto the plate, then slide it back into the skillet. Use the spatula to help press the edges in and under, to maintain a rounded edge. Cook over high heat for 1 minute, then reduce to low and cook until it feels set in the center and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, 2 to 3 more minutes. From the Editor Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of olive oil The actual amount of olive oil consumed will vary.

Title: Chorizo Queso Potato Bombs
Ingredients: 2 medium potatoes (2 to 3 inch long), 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1/2 lbcooked, ground chorizo sausage, 1/2 cup prepeared queso dip, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 2 large eggs, 1 cup plain breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon oil
Instructions: Place potatoes and salt in a medium saucepan and add water to cover by one inch. Place pot over high heat and bring to a boil. Cook until just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Potatoes should not be soft. Drain and set aside until cool enough to handle. Slice potatoes in half across the center and scoop out the center flesh carefully, leaving a 1/8 of an inch border of flesh. Combine sausage and queso in a medium bowl and stir until creamy. Place about 1 teaspoon chorizo mixture in one potato half and place 1 to 2 teaspoons of shredded cheese in the corresponding potato half. Press the two halves together allowing the starch from the potato to hold together as best as possible. Coat each potato in egg, allowing excess to drip, and lightly coat in breadcrumbs, taking care not to allow the potato halves to separate. Preheat an airfryer to to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spray potatoes lightly with oil or cooking spray. Air fry in batches if necessary until golden and crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving.

Title: Turkey Tater Tot Hot Dish
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups sliced brown mushrooms, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, or to taste, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 pounds ground turkey, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, 1 (4 ounce) can diced Hatch green chilies, or other diced chilies, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 2 1/2 cups chicken broth, 6 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese, divided, 1 (32 ounce) bag frozen tater tots
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Heat butter and olive oil in a large skillet over high heat, and cook and stir mushrooms with a big pinch of the salt until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add onions and sauté until onions turn translucent, about 3 minutes. Add turkey, and cook for a few minutes, breaking meat up into smaller crumbles. Stir in the rest of the salt, black pepper, paprika, garlic powder, and cayenne pepper. Reduce heat to medium high, and cook until turkey is lightly browned and crumbly and liquid is mostly evaporated, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle over and stir in flour; cook, stirring, to cook out the raw taste of the flour, another 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in green chiles, bell pepper, and chicken broth. Wait for the mixture to simmer, and cook, stirring, until the liquids thicken, and the texture is to your liking, about 2 minutes. Mixture can be reduced to thicken further, or broth can be added for a thinner texture. Taste and adjust seasoning if needed. Transfer to a 9x12-inch, 9x13-inch, or equivalent casserole dish and smooth out the top. Top surface evenly with 4 ounces shredded cheese, and press cheese in lightly with the tip of a spatula. Cover casserole surface evenly with 1 layer of frozen or thawed tater tots (if using frozen, add a few minutes to the oven time). Reserve any remaining tots for another use. Top with remaining cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until tater tots are crisp and golden, 30 to 35 minutes. Chef John

Title: Tater Tot Hotdish
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups chopped yellow onion, 1 pound ground chuck beef (80% lean), ½ teaspoon garlic powder, ½ teaspoon onion powder, ½ teaspoon black pepper, 2 (10.5 ounce) cans condensed cream of mushroom soup, 2 cups frozen cut green beans, thawed, 2 cups frozen sweet corn, thawed, 1 ½ pounds frozen tater tots, ¼ teaspoon seasoned salt (such as Lawry's®), ½ cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 2 small scallions, thinly sliced
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) Set a large deep cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add olive oil and swirl to coat skillet evenly. Add onions to skillet in one even layer; top with ground beef, breaking it up into small pieces. Cook undisturbed until onions are translucent, about 2 minutes. Stir beef and onions until well combined, and cook until beef is cooked through and browned, stirring occasionally, 3 to 4 minutes longer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to medium. Season beef with garlic powder, onion powder, and black pepper. Cook, stirring often, for 1 more minute. Remove from heat. Add cream of mushroom soup, green beans, and corn; stir until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Toss tater tots and seasoned salt in a bowl to combine. Arrange tater tots decoratively over beef mixture in the skillet, avoiding large gaps between tots. Bake in the preheated oven until tater tots are golden and crisp, about 1 hour. Sprinkle with cheese and scallions; cool 10 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chicageaux Spicy Smokehouse Tots
Ingredients: 1 (32 ounce) package frozen bite-size potato nuggets (such as Tater Tots®), 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, or as needed, 3 tablespoons barbeque seasoning, divided, or to taste, 4  skinless, boneless chicken thighs, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 1/2 cups hot pepper sauce (such as Frank's RedHot®), or to taste, 1 tablespoon hot honey, or to taste, 2 cups shredded Mexican-style cheese blend, 1 cup white Mexican cheese sauce (queso blanco), ¼ cup pickled red onions, or to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, or to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Spray a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Spread frozen tater tots in a single layer on prepared pan; drizzle lightly with about 1 tablespoon olive oil; season with about 1 tablespoon barbecue rub. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and heated through, about 25 minutes, or according to package directions. Place chicken thighs and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large bowl. Season liberally with barbeque rub (about 1 tablespoon); toss to coat. Sear chicken in a non-stick skillet over high heat, turning occasionally, until deeply browned; reduce heat to medium. Meanwhile, melt butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; stir in hot sauce, hot honey, and season to taste with barbecue rub; bring to a simmer. Pour honey hot sauce over chicken in the skillet; increase heat to medium-high and cook chicken, basting constantly with the sauce, until chicken is fully cooked and coated with a shiny glaze, about 5 minutes. Chicken juices should run clear, and an instant-read thermometer inserted near the center should reach 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove chicken to a cutting board; slice chicken into bite-sized pieces. Warm cheese sauce in the microwave on 50% power until hot, about 1 minute, stirring every 30 seconds. Arrange tater tots on a serving platter (or assemble on the sheet pan). Top tots with chicken and any remaining sauce from the pan; sprinkle with shredded cheese. Use a kitchen torch to melt cheese. Drizzle on additional hot sauce to taste and queso blanco; garnish with pickled red onion and parsley. Editor's Note: You can use your oven's broiler to melt the cheese in place of a kitchen torch.

Title: Vegetarian Sloppy Joes
Ingredients: ¼ cup vegetable oil, ½ cup minced onion, 2 (8 ounce) packages tempeh, ½ cup minced green bell pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, ¼ cup tomato sauce, 1 tablespoon vegetarian Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon blackstrap molasses, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, ¼ teaspoon celery seed, ¼ teaspoon ground cumin, ¼ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon ground coriander, ½ teaspoon dried thyme, ½ teaspoon oregano, ½ teaspoon paprika, 1 pinch ground black pepper, hamburger buns
Instructions: Heat oil in a deep, 10-inch skillet over medium-low heat. Cook the onion in the oil until translucent. Crumble the tempeh into the skillet; cook and stir until golden brown. Add the green pepper and garlic; cook another 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato sauce, Worcestershire sauce, honey, molasses, cayenne pepper, celery seed, cumin, salt, coriander, thyme, oregano, paprika, and black pepper; stir. Simmer another 10 to 15 minutes. Spoon hot onto hamburger buns to serve.

Title: Enchilada Casserole
Ingredients: 1 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1  onion, chopped, 1 (4 ounce) can diced green chile peppers, 1  jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 1 (8 ounce) package tempeh, crumbled, 6 (6 inch) corn tortillas, 1 (19 ounce) can enchilada sauce, 1 (6 ounce) can sliced black olives, 8 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees (175 degrees C). Lightly oil a 9x13 inch baking dish. In a medium bowl, combine the beans, garlic, onion, chile peppers, jalapeno pepper, and tempeh. Pour enchilada sauce into a shallow bowl. Dip three tortillas in the enchilada sauce, and place them in the prepared baking dish. Be sure to cover the bottom of the dish as completely as possible. Place 1/2 of the bean mixture on top of the tortillas, and repeat. Drizzle the remaining sauce over the casserole, and sprinkle with olives and shredded cheese. Cover, and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover, and continue baking for an additional 15 minutes, or until the casserole is bubbling and the cheese is melted. pinktashy

Title: Easy Turkey Tetrazzini
Ingredients: 12 ounces dried linguine, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 8 ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup chopped onion, 1/2 cup chopped celery, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1/4 cup white wine (Optional), 2 cups chopped cooked turkey, 1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed cream of mushroom soup, 1 cup sour cream, 3/4 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth, 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1/2 cup sliced almonds (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 2-quart rectangular baking dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add noodles and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta and place in prepared baking dish; cover to keep warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While the pasta is cooking, melt butter in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms, onion, and celery; cook and stir until tender, about 6 to 8 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir garlic, Italian seasoning, and crushed red pepper into the skillet; cook until fragrant, 1 minute more. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add wine, if using, stirring to scrape up any browned bits from bottom of skillet; cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in turkey, condensed soup, sour cream, and chicken broth; cook until sauce is heated through and bubbles, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon turkey mixture over pasta; sprinkle Parmesan cheese and almonds on top. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until hot and bubbly, about 25 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Note: This recipe was tested in our test kitchen and updated to include broth, additional seasonings, and the option of adding sliced almonds.

Title: Easy Chicken Tetrazzini
Ingredients: 1 pound cooked, drained spaghetti noodles, 5  chicken breasts, cooked and cubed, 2 (10.5 ounce) cans  condensed cream of chicken soup, 2 ¼ cups water, ¼ cup butter, 2 cubes  chicken bouillon, ¼ cup shredded Cheddar cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Put cooked spaghetti noodles into 9x13-inch baking dish. Place chicken on top of spaghetti. Bring condensed soup, water, butter, and bouillon to a boil in a medium saucepan. Pour soup mixture over pasta and chicken. Sprinkle Cheddar on top and press down a bit. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes.

Title: Leftover Turkey Tetrazzini
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) package uncooked spaghetti, ½ cup butter, ½ cup all-purpose flour, 3 cups chicken broth, 2 cups milk, 1 ⅔ cups grated Parmesan cheese, 4 cups chopped cooked turkey
Instructions: Gather all ingredients, preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and lightly grease a baking dish. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add spaghetti, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente. Drain, and place in the prepared baking dish. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in flour. Mix in chicken broth and milk. Cook and stir until the mixture comes to a boil. Stir in about 1 1/3 cups Parmesan cheese, and remove from heat. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Mix chicken broth mixture and turkey with spaghetti. Top with remaining cheese. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, until surface is lightly browned. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Serve and enjoy! ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA

Title: Loaded Beef Nachos
Ingredients: 5 teaspoons paprika, 1 1/4 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 1/4 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon oregano leaves, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound ground beef, 1 cup diced onion, 1 cup diced green bell pepper, 1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chiles (such as RO-TEL®), 1 (15 ounce) can Mexican-style corn (optional), 1 (16 ounce) can refried beans, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, or as needed, 4 ounces tortilla chips, or as needed, 1/2 cup sour cream (optional), 1/2 cup salsa (optional), 1/4 cup sliced black olives (optional), 1/4 cup sliced jalapenos (optional), 1/4 cup green onion
Instructions: For taco seasoning, stir paprika, garlic powder, cumin, onion powder, chili powder, oregano, and salt together in a small bowl; set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in onion and green pepper; cook and stir with oil and juices from browned meat until much of the liquid has evaporated, about 2 minutes more. Stir 1/2 can diced tomatoes with chilies and Mexican-style corn into skillet. Season beef mixture to taste with prepared taco seasoning mix. Stir together the remaining 1/2 can diced tomatoes with chilies and refried beans in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on High until heated through, stirring every 30 seconds, 1 to 3 minutes. To assemble nachos, lay half of tortilla chips in a single layer on a microwave-safe plate, then drop teaspoons of refried beans onto chips, followed by meat mixture and shredded cheese. Repeat with remaining chips, beans, meat, and cheese to make a second layer. Microwave on High until cheese is melted and nachos are warm, 2 to 3 minutes. Top with sour cream, salsa, olives, jalapenos, and green onion as desired.

Title: Instant Pot Salsa Chicken
Ingredients: 1 pound frozen skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 1 (1 ounce) packet taco seasoning mix, ½ cup salsa, ½ cup low-sodium chicken broth
Instructions: Place chicken breasts in a multi-functional cooker (such as Instant Pot). Sprinkle all sides with taco seasoning. Pour salsa and chicken broth on top. Close and lock the lid. Select Poultry setting; set the timer for 15 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 20 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Shred chicken and serve as desired. Buckwheat Queen Recipe Tips You can use water in place of chicken broth if desired. If you use thawed chicken breasts, shorten the cooking time to 8 to 10 minutes. Both quick-release and natural-release work for this recipe.

Title: Turkey Pot Pie
Ingredients: 2 cups frozen peas and carrots, 2 cups frozen green beans, 1 cup sliced celery, 2/3 cup butter, 2/3 cup chopped onion, 2/3 cup all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon celery seed, 1/2 teaspoon onion powder, 1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 (14 1/2 ounce) can chicken broth, 1 1/2 cups milk, 4 cups cubed leftover cooked turkey, 2 (14.1 ounce) packages rolled refrigerated unbaked pie crust
Instructions: Gather ingredients. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place frozen peas, carrots, and beans in a medium saucepan with celery. Add enough water to cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until celery is tender, about 5 minutes. Drain. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While the vegetables are simmering, melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add flour, salt, pepper, celery seed, onion powder, and Italian seasoning and whisk until a paste forms, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Slowly whisk in chicken broth and then milk until incorporated. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking constantly, until sauce thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove thickened sauce from the heat. Add cooked, drained vegetables and cubed turkey and stir until filling is well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Set out two 9-inch pie dishes. Fit 1 pie crust round into the bottom of each dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon half of the pot pie filling into each dish, then lay the remaining piecrust round over top. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pinch and roll the top and bottom crusts together at the edges to seal, cutting off any crust hanging over the edge. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Use a sharp knife to cut several small slits in each top crust to allow steam to release while cooking. Place pies on baking sheets. Cover edge of crust with aluminum foil or a pie crust shield. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Uncover and continue to bake until the crusts are golden brown and the filling is bubbly, 10 to 15 minutes more. Remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Honey Cornbread
Ingredients: 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, ¼ cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, ¼ cup vegetable oil, ¼ cup honey
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x9-inch baking pan. Stir together flour, cornmeal, sugar, and baking powder in a large bowl; form a well in the center. Add cream, eggs, oil, and honey; stir until well combined. Pour batter into the prepared baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes.

Title: Old-Fashioned Scalloped Corn
Ingredients: 3 (15 ounce) cans cream-style corn, 1 cup crushed saltine crackers, divided, ½ cup butter, melted, divided, 2 large eggs, ½ teaspoon paprika, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter an 8x11x2-inch casserole dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine creamed corn, 1/2 cup cracker crumbs, 1/4 cup melted butter, and eggs in a large bowl; mix well. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour mixture into the prepared dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix remaining 1/2 cup cracker crumbs and remaining 1/4 cup melted butter with paprika and pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle crumb topping over casserole. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until topping browns slightly and filling bubbles along edges, 30 to 40 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Birds' Nest Cookies
Ingredients: 1 cup butter, softened, ½ cup white sugar, 2 large eggs, separated, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 cups finely chopped pecans, ¼ cup warm water, ¾ cup shortening, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, ¼ cup butter, softened, 4 cups confectioners' sugar
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease cookie sheets. Beat 1 cup softened butter and ½ cup sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Add egg yolks, and beat well. Add flour and mix until combined. Roll dough into walnut-size balls; roll balls in egg white, and then in the chopped nuts. Place cookies 2 inches apart onto prepared cookie sheets; press center of cookie with thumb. Bake cookies in the preheated oven for 8 minutes; press center of cookie again and continue to bake until lightly browned, 4 to 6 minutes. Cool cookies on racks. To make the frosting: Blend water, shortening, vanilla, and 1/4 cup softened butter together; slowly add confectioners' sugar and mix until smooth and creamy. More water may be needed to make desired consistency.

Title: Thumbprint Cookies
Ingredients: 1 large egg, separated, divided, ½ cup butter, softened, ¼ cup packed brown sugar, 1 cup all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, ¼ teaspoon salt, ¼ cup finely chopped walnuts, ⅔ cup any flavor fruit jam
Instructions: Gather ingredients. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease two cookie sheets and set aside. Whisk egg white in a small bowl. Place chopped walnuts in another small bowl. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Cream butter, brown sugar, and egg yolk in a mixing bowl until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Add flour, vanilla, and salt; mix until well combined. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Scoop dough into 1 1/2-inch balls. Dip in egg white, then roll in walnuts until coated. Place 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Bake in the preheated oven until slightly puffed, about 5 minutes. Remove cookies from the oven. Use your thumb to gently press an indent in the center of each cookie. Spoon jam into each thumbprint, filling it to the brim. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Return cookies to the oven and bake until set, about 8 minutes. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Remove from the oven and transfer to wire racks to cool completely. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty

Title: Raspberry and Almond Shortbread Thumbprints
Ingredients: 1 cup butter, softened, ⅔ cup white sugar, 1 ¼ teaspoons almond extract, divided, 2 cups all-purpose flour, ½ cup seedless raspberry jam, ½ cup confectioners' sugar, 1 teaspoon milk
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat butter and white sugar together in a medium bowl until creamy. Mix in 1/2 teaspoon almond extract. Add flour and mix until dough comes together. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Form dough into 1 1/2-inch balls and place on ungreased cookie sheets about 2 inches apart. Use your thumb to press down and make a dent in the center of each ball, then fill with jam. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Bake in batches the preheated oven until edges are lightly browned, about 14 to 18 minutes; allow to cool on cookie sheet for a few minutes. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Mix confectioners' sugar, milk, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon almond extract together in a medium bowl until smooth; drizzle lightly over warm cookies. Allrecipes/Victoria Jempty Enjoy! Victoria Jempty/Allrecipes

Title: Lemon Tiramisu
Ingredients: 1 1/2 cups lemon juice, 2 cups white sugar, 4 eggs, 4 egg yolks, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 1/2 cups white sugar, 3 (1-inch) strips of lemon peel, 1/2 cup lemon juice, 2/3 cup limoncello liqueur, 2 cups heavy cream, 1/2 cup powdered sugar, 24 ounces mascarpone cheese, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 10 ounces crisp ladyfingers (about 39 larger or 57 smaller ladyfingers)
Instructions: Gather Ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios For Lemon Curd: Combine lemon juice, 2 cups white sugar, eggs, egg yolks, and salt in a large non-reactive saucepan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook, stirring constantly, over medium until mixture thickens and starts to bubble. Cook over medium-low heat for 2 minutes more. Remove from heat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Strain through a fine mesh sieve into a medium bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in butter and vanilla. Cover surface with plastic wrap. Refrigerate 1 to 2 hours or until chilled**. (Lemon curd can be made up to a week ahead.) Reserve 1/4 cup lemon curd before assembling tiramisu. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios For Syrup: Combine 1 1/2 cup sugar, lemon peel, lemon juice and limoncello in a small non-reative* saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Cook until sugar melts. Recipe Tip Remove the zest from the lemons before juicing them, You will need 3 (1-x 2 ½ inch) strips for the lemon syrup and 1 tablespoon zest for the mascarpone layer. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Discard the lemon peel. Transfer syrup to a glass bow or 4-cup glass measuring cup. Set syrup aside to cool. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios For Mascarpone Layer: Beat cream and powdered sugar in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat mascarpone and lemon zest in an extra-large bowl until combined and creamy. Fold in 3/4 cup lemon curd. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold the whipped cream into the mascarpone mixture in three batches, folding gently until everything is combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange half of the ladyfingers in a single layer on the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish, trimming ladyfingers as needed. Generously brush or drizzle half the syrup over the ladyfingers. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top the ladyfingers with half of the remaining lemon curd. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Layer half of the mascarpone filling over lemon curd. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Repeat with remaining lady fingers, lemon curd, and mascarpone filling. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Drizzle reserved lemon curd over tiramisu. (You will use about 10 oz. ladyfingers. Save remaining ladyfingers for another purpose.) Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator at least 8 hours or overnight before serving. Slice and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Tiramisu
Ingredients: 6 large egg yolks, ¾ cup white sugar, ⅔ cup milk, 1 ¼ cups heavy cream, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pound mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, ¼ cup strong brewed coffee, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons rum, 2 (3 ounce) packages ladyfinger cookies, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder
Instructions: Whisk egg yolks and sugar together in a medium saucepan until well blended. Whisk in milk and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture comes to a boil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Boil gently for 1 minute, then remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly. Cover tightly and chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Beat cream and vanilla in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove egg yolk mixture from the refrigerator; add mascarpone cheese and whisk until smooth. Combine coffee and rum in a small bowl. Split ladyfingers in half lengthwise and drizzle with the coffee mixture. Arrange 1/2 of the soaked ladyfingers in the bottom of a 7x11-inch dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread 1/2 of the mascarpone mixture over the ladyfingers, then spread 1/2 of the whipped cream over top. Repeat layers once more. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle cocoa powder over top. Cover and refrigerate until set, 4 to 6 hours. Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Churro Toffee
Ingredients: 1 cup unsalted butter (2 sticks), 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1/4 cup water, 1/2 cup finely chopped almonds, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 teaspoon Kosher salt, 1 (11 ounce) bag white chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons neutral oil (like coconut, sunflower or canola), 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon
Instructions: Line a 9 by 13-inch baking pan with parchment paper, leaving overhang on all four sides. In a medium, heavy-bottomed Dutch oven or saucepan, combine butter, brown sugar ,and ¼ cup cold water. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally with a heatproof spatula. Once sugar mixture comes to a boil, carefully secure a candy thermometer to the side of your pot and heat the sugar mixture to 300 degrees F (148 degrees C), or the hard crack stage. The amount of time this takes will vary, but it usually takes 10 to 12 minutes. Keep a very close eye on the sugar mixture as it cooks. Meanwhile, combine almonds and baking soda in a small bowl, stirring well so baking soda is evenly distributed. Set close to where your sugar is cooking, along with the vanilla and salt so you can work quickly but carefully. Once the sugar reaches 300 degrees F (148 degrees C), remove from heat immediately. Carefully pour in almond mixture, vanilla, and salt. (This will bubble and spurt so be careful!). Stir vigorously with a heatproof spatula until everything is incorporated and the toffee is shiny and even in color. Transfer toffee to the prepared baking pan. Shake the pan to smooth the toffee into an even layer, then gently tap it on the counter a few times to pop any trapped air bubbles. Let sit for about 5 minutes, then use a sharp knife to score the toffee into 12-equal portions. Place toffee in the fridge to cool for about 20 minutes. Once the toffee is cool and completely set, use the score marks to cut the toffee into equal portions using a large chef’s knife. Set aside on a parchment paper-lined sheet pan. Combine white chocolate and oil in a heatproof bowl. Set the bowl over a pan of simmering water, making sure the bottom of the bowl is well above the water. Melt the chocolate over gentle heat until smooth and shiny, stirring as it melts to incorporate the oil. Remove from heat and set on a work surface near the tray of toffee. Combine sugar and cinnamon in a bowl. Working with one piece of toffee at a time, dip the toffee into the melted white chocolate to coat all 4 sides. Let excess chocolate drip off, then wipe any excess pooling along the edges of the toffee off on the side of your chocolate bowl. Hold the coated white chocolate by the edges and use your other hand to sprinkle both sides with cinnamon sugar. Set on a parchment lined tray. Repeat with remaining toffee until it has all been coated in white chocolate and cinnamon sugar. Set the tray in the freezer for 5 to 10 minutes, or until the toffee is set. Store in the fridge in an air-tight container for 1 week, or in the freezer for 1 month.

Title: Best Toffee Ever - Super Easy
Ingredients: 2 cups unsalted butter, 2 cups white sugar, ¼ teaspoon salt, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup finely chopped almonds
Instructions: Combine butter, sugar, and salt in a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat; stir constantly in one direction until butter is melted, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, line a 9x13-inch baking dish with a sheet of parchment paper, letting it overhang two sides of the dish. Once the butter has melted, stop stirring and bring mixture to a boil. Once boiling, cook, stirring only 2 to 3 times, until it turns a dark amber color and the temperature reaches 285 degrees F (137 degrees C) on a candy thermometer, 20 to 30 minutes. Immediately pour toffee into the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle chocolate chips on top and let sit until they soften, 1 to 2 minutes. Use a spatula to spread softened chocolate into a thin, even layer. Sprinkle nuts over the chocolate and press down slightly; wearing a plastic bag over your hand will minimize the mess. Place toffee in the refrigerator until set, about 1 hour. Lift hardened toffee out of the baking dish with the parchment paper. Break into pieces and store in an airtight container. Meredith Food Studio Recipe Tip You can use chopped walnuts or pecans instead of almonds if preferred.

Title: Saltine Cracker Toffee
Ingredients: 4 ounces saltine crackers, 1 cup butter, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, ¾ cup chopped pecans
Instructions: Gather all ingredients, and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Line a rimmed baking sheet with saltine crackers in single layer. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Combine butter and sugar in a saucepan. Bring to a boil; boil for 3 minutes. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Immediately pour over saltines and spread to cover crackers completely. Bake in the preheated oven for 5 to 6 minutes. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Remove from the oven and sprinkle chocolate chips over top. Let sit 5 minutes. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Spread softened chocolate evenly. Sprinkle with pecans. Allow to cool completely, about 25 minutes. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Break toffee into pieces. Enjoy! ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Recipe Tip Use your favorite nuts to top the cookies.

Title: Grilled Coconut-Curry Tofu Kebabs
Ingredients: 1 (14-ounce) package extra-firm tofu, drained, 1/4 cup Greek yogurt, 1/4 cup canned coconut milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 serrano pepper, seeded (if desired) and minced, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger, 4 teaspoons curry powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, oil for grill, cilantro chutney or desired-flavor chutney, for serving
Instructions: Cut tofu lengthwise into 8 (1/2-inch thick) rectangles. Wrap between several layers of paper towels and weight down with a heavy pan for about 30 minutes to remove excess liquid. Set a large resealable bag in a shallow dish. Whisk together yogurt, coconut milk, oil, serrano pepper, honey, garlic, ginger, curry powder, and salt in a small bowl. Add tofu and yogurt marinade to bag. Seal bag and turn to coat all tofu pieces with marinade. Chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes or up to 24 hours. Preheat an outdoor grill to low heat (225 degrees F to 250 degrees F / 107 degrees C to 120 degrees C). Generously oil grill grates four times. (Well greased grill grates are essential for this recipe.) Remove tofu from marinade, allowing excess marinade to drip off. Reserve marinade for brushing. Thread tofu lengthwise on skewers. Grill kebabs, covered, turning halfway through, for 20 minutes, generously brushing with the reserved marinade in the last 3 minutes of grilling time. Serve kebabs with chutney for dipping. Cook’s Note If you are using wooden skewers, soak for 30 minutes before using to prevent burning.

Title: Meatless Grain Bowl
Ingredients: 2 cups white rice, 4 cups water, 1 large sweet potato, peeled and cubed, 3 tablespoons coconut oil or vegetable oil, or as needed, divided, 1/2 red bell pepper, sliced, 1/2 green bell pepper, sliced, 1/2 orange bell pepper, sliced, 1 (14 ounce) package extra firm tofu, 1 (15 ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 teaspoon jerk seasoning, or to taste, 2 tablespoons jerk marinade
Instructions: Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Keep warm. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Toss cubed sweet potatoes in 1 tablespoon oil. Spread evenly on a baking sheet. Roast sweet potatoes in the preheated oven until tender but not too soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Heat a cast iron skillet with 1 tablespoon coconut oil over medium-high heat; add red, green, and orange bell peppers and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the skillet and set aside. Add remaining 1 tablespoon coconut oil to the same skillet. Add tofu evenly. Cook for 2 minutes and gently flip to the other side. Continue cooking, turning occasionally, until tofu gets a little crisp on the edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Add jerk marinade, being deliberate about making sure tofu is covered. Once tofu starts to caramelize from the marinade, remove from heat. Warm black beans in a microwave-safe dish until hot, 2 to 3 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds. Assemble grain bowls: divide rice, tofu, peppers, sweet potatoes, and black beans evenly into individual serving bowls.

Title: Chef John's Miso Soup
Ingredients: 6 cups cold water, ½ ounce dried kombu (dried kelp), 2 cups lightly packed dried bonito flakes, 7 ounces silken tofu, drained and cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 4 tablespoons white miso, 2 tablespoons red miso, dried wakame seaweed flakes, shredded wakame or hijiki seaweed (soaked in water until soft) (Optional), 2  green onions, thinly sliced, plus more to garnish
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Pour cold water into a saucepan. Add kombu and soak for 30 minutes. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Set pan on the stove over medium heat, and wait until water just starts to simmer. Turn off heat, and remove kombu with a strainer. Squeeze out any liquid back into the pan, and discard kombu. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Turn heat back on to med-high, and bring to a simmer. Stir bonito flakes into the simmering liquid, and turn off the heat. Let sit for 10 minutes, before staining and reserving the liquid, also known as the "dashi." ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Pour dashi into a saucepan over medium heat. Add pre-soaked, shredded seaweed, soy sauce, and green onions. Bring to a simmer, and reduce heat to low. Place a small strainer over the pan, and add miso pastes. Submerge strainer halfway down into the hot dashi, and stir slowly until all the miso has dissolved and passed through into the soup. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Stir in tofu, and continue cooking on low until tofu is heated through, about 2 minutes. Taste and season with more soy sauce if needed. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Serve immediately with sliced green onions on top. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA

Title: Shirazi Salad
Ingredients: 1 pound plum tomatoes, finely diced, 1 pound Persian cucumbers, finely diced, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 cup minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint, 5 tablespoons ab ghooreh (or lemon juice plus 4 teaspoon zest), plus more to taste, 1/4 cup olive oil, 3/4 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to taste, lemon wedges, for serving
Instructions: Stir together tomatoes, cucumbers, red onion, parsley, mint, ab ghooreh, oil, salt, and pepper in a large serving bowl. Season to taste. Garnish with parsley and serve immediately with lemon wedges.

Title: Greek Horiatiki Salad
Ingredients: 5 large tomatoes, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, sea salt to taste, 1 ½ teaspoons dried oregano, 1 small green bell pepper, sliced (Optional), ½ medium cucumber, sliced (Optional), ¼ cup Greek black olives, 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 1 (8 ounce) package feta cheese
Instructions: Cut tomatoes into wedges over a large serving bowl so that any extra juices land in the bowl with tomato wedges. Add onion slices and oregano, then season liberally with salt; mix to combine. Allow tomatoes to sit at room temperature until juices have released, at least 20 to 30 minutes or up to 2 hours. Mix in bell pepper, cucumber, and olives just before serving. Top with feta cheese and drizzle with olive oil. Tips Don't skip the salting and resting step! The tomatoes' acidic juices combine with the olive oil to make the perfect dressing, with no need to add vinegar or lemon juice at the end. To encourage the juices to release, give the tomatoes an occasional stir while resting.

Title: Caprese Salad with Balsamic Reduction
Ingredients: 1 cup balsamic vinegar, ¼ cup honey, 3 large tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch slices, 1 (16 ounce) package fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into 1/4-inch slices, ¼ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ½ cup fresh basil leaves, ¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Stir balsamic vinegar and honey together in a small saucepan and place over high heat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer until mixture has reduced to 1/3 cup, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Arrange alternating slices of tomato and mozzarella decoratively on a serving platter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle with salt and black pepper, tuck basil leaves around slices, and drizzle with olive oil and the balsamic reduction. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Marry Me Chicken Tortellini
Ingredients: 4 thick-cut bacon slices, 2 (8 ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded to 1 inch thickness, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 3/4 cup drained julienne-cut sundried tomatoes in oil with herbs, 1/2 cup finely chopped shallot, 4 large garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 1/2 teaspoons dried Italian seasoning, 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1/2 cup lower-sodium chicken broth, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 (20 ounce) package refrigerated cheese tortellini, 1/2 cup pre-grated Parmesan cheese, plus more for garnish, torn fresh basil leaves
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Fill a large saucepan with salted water and bring to a boil over high heat. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add chopped bacon; cook, stirring occasionally, until rendered and crispy, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer bacon to a paper towel-lined plate to drain, reserving about 3 tablespoons drippings in skillet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While bacon cooks, sprinkle chicken evenly with pepper and 1/4 teaspoon of the salt. Add chicken to skillet with drippings; cook over medium-high, until chicken is browned and cooked through (a thermometer inserted into thickest portion of chicken registers 165 degrees F (73 degrees C)), 5 to 6 minutes per side, reducing heat if bottom of pan gets too dark. Transfer chicken to a plate; set aside until cool enough to handle, about 10 minutes. Chop chicken into bite-size pieces. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Reduce heat to medium, and add sundried tomatoes and shallot. Cook, stirring often, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add garlic, Italian seasoning, crushed red pepper, and remaining 1 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add tomato paste; cook, stirring constantly, until deepened in color, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour in chicken broth; cook, stirring and scraping constantly to deglaze the skillet, about 1 minute. Stir in cream and bring to a simmer over medium. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add tortellini to boiling water, and boil until tortellini are tender and float to the surface, 3 to 5 minutes. Reserve 1 cup cooking water. Drain. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir Parmesan cheese, reserved cooked bacon, reserved chopped chicken, and tortellini into skillet with cream mixture. Cook, stirring and tossing constantly, until evenly coated in sauce. Add reserved cooking water, 1/4 cup at a time, if necessary to maintain a creamy consistency. Divide mixture among 6 bowls; garnish with additional Parmesan cheese and a generous scattering of fresh basil. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Creamy Tortellini Soup with Spinach and Boursin
Ingredients: 1 pound bulk Italian sausage, 14 ½ (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes, drained, 9 ounces refrigerated cheese tortellini, 1 cup vegetable broth, ¾ cup evaporated milk, ¼ cup heavy cream, 1 (5.2 ounce) package garlic and herb cheese spread (such as Boursin®), softened, 4 cups baby spinach, Italian seasoning to taste, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, or to taste
Instructions: Cook sausage in a large stockpot over medium heat, crumbling and breaking up with a spatula, until evenly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes, tortellini, vegetable broth, evaporated milk, heavy cream, and Boursin cheese. Bring to a simmer; cook, uncovered, until tortellini float to the top and the filling is hot, about 8 minutes. Stir in the spinach; cook until wilted, about 2 minutes. Season with Italian seasoning and Parmesan cheese.

Title: Creamy Gochujang Tortellini
Ingredients: 1 (20 ounce) package refrigerated cheese tortellini, ¼ cup unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons white miso paste, ⅓ cup heavy whipping cream, 4 ounces freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste), divided, 1 cup reserved pasta water
Instructions: Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat; stir in tortellini (in batches if necessary) and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the tortellini float to the top and the filling is hot, about 3 minutes. Scoop tortellini into a bowl with a slotted spoon. Drain water, reserving 1 cup of pasta water. Meanwhile, melt butter in the same pot over medium heat. Add minced garlic and sauté until fragrant, 30 to 45 seconds. Stir in miso, cream, and pasta water. Whisk continuously until miso dissolves. Add 1 tablespoon gochujang sauce and stir to combine. Add tortellini and Parmesan cheese, stirring briskly until cheese is blended in and sauce is smooth. Garnish each serving with a bit of remaining gochujang sauce Cook's Note: The heat and spiciness level depends on the brand of gochujang you buy, so adjust amount to your liking.

Title: Alfajor Cake
Ingredients: 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, ⅓ cup white sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 ½ cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting, ½ cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon kosher salt, ½ cup whole milk, 1 (13.4 ounce) can dulce de leche, ½ cup heavy whipping cream, ¼ cup powdered sugar, or as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat butter with a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment on medium speed until creamy, about 2 minutes. Add sugar and beat until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of bowl as needed, about 2 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating until incorporated after each addition, about 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add flour mixture to butter mixture in 3 additions, alternating alternately with the milk, starting and ending with the flour mixture, and beat until combined after each addition. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn dough out onto a floured work surface and turn to coat dough. Knead dough 2 or 3 times. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Divide dough into 5 equal pieces and shape each piece into a ball. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Working with 1 ball at a time, roll dough into a 7-inch circle. Place dough circles on 2 large rimmed baking sheets lined with parchment paper (I fit 3 circles on 1 sheet and 2 on the other). Chill dough circles, uncovered, for 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Prick each dough circle lightly with a fork. Bake in the preheated oven until browned on bottom and light browned around the edges, 15 to 18 minutes. (If baking in 2 batches, keep second batch refrigerated while first batch bakes.) Cool cake layers completely on a wire rack, about 30 minutes. Spoon dulce de leche into a medium bowl. Beat cream with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until stiff peaks form, about 6 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently stir half of cream mixture into dulce de leche until combined. Gently fold remaining cream into dulce de leche mixture until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spread 1/3 cup of the dulce de leche mixture onto 1 cake layer, spreading to edges. Place onto a serving platter with dulce de leche mixture facing up. Repeat process with the next 3 cake layers (this is easier to spread on cake layers before placing on platter). Spread remaining 2/3 cup dulce de leche mixture onto fifth cake layer and place on top. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Let stand 1 hour. Dust top of cake with powdered sugar and serve. Cover any leftovers with plastic wrap and store in refrigerator up to 1 day. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Black Forest Cake
Ingredients: 2 ⅛ cups all-purpose flour, 2 cups white sugar, ¾ cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 ½ teaspoons baking powder, ¾ teaspoon baking soda, ¾ teaspoon salt, 3  eggs, 1 cup milk, ½ cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 (20 ounce) cans pitted sour cherries, 1 cup white sugar, ¼ cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups heavy whipping cream, ⅓ cup confectioners' sugar
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9-inch round cake pans; line bottoms with parchment paper. Place a medium bowl in the refrigerator to chill. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add eggs, milk, oil, and vanilla; beat until combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour cake batter into the prepared pans. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the centers comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool layers in pans on wire racks for 10 minutes. Run a paring knife around edges to loosen and invert carefully onto racks to cool completely, 1 to 2 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios While cake layers bake, drain cherries for topping, reserving 1/2 cup juice. Combine reserved juice, cherries, sugar, and cornstarch in a 2-quart saucepan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook, stirring constantly, over low heat until thickened. Stir in vanilla. Let cool at room temperature for 30 minutes. Transfer to the refrigerator to cool completely before assembling cake. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine whipping cream and confectioners' sugar for frosting in the chilled medium bowl. Beat with an electric mixer at high speed until stiff peaks form. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Split each cake layer in half horizontally using a long serrated knife. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Tear one layer into crumbs; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Gently brush loose crumbs off top and sides of remaining layers using a pastry brush or your hands. Reserve 1 1/2 cups frosting for piping decorations on cake; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios To assemble, place one cake layer on a cake plate. Spread with 1 cup frosting; top with 3/4 cup cherry topping. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top with second cake layer; repeat layers of frosting and cherry topping. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top with third cake layer and frost sides of cake. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pat reserved cake crumbs onto sides of cake. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon reserved 1 1/2 cups frosting into a pastry bag fitted with a star decorator tip. Pipe around top and bottom edges of cake. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Spoon remaining cherry topping on top of cake. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Store covered in the refrigerator until ready to serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Dobos Torte
Ingredients: 9  egg whites, 8  egg yolks, 1 cup white sugar, ¼ cup milk, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 pinch salt, 1 ½ teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 ½ cups sifted all-purpose flour, ½ tablespoon shortening, 1 cup white sugar, 1 recipe Chocolate Buttercream
Instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Have ready two 10-inch cardboard circles. Generously grease a 9-inch springform pan with soft butter, and dust with flour. Beat the egg whites until frothy, and gradually add 1 cup sugar. Beat just to soft peaks. In another bowl, beat the yolks with the milk, lemon peel, vanilla, and salt. Fold this into the egg whites. Sift the flour over the egg mixture, and fold in. Spread 1 1/3 cups batter into the prepared pan. Bake for about 5 to 9 minutes, or until small, brown spots begin to appear on cake. Remove the cake from the oven, and remove layer from pan with a spatula. Dust the cake lightly with flour, and place on a rack to cool. Grease pan again, and repeat this process until all of the batter is used, about 6 times more. Place the layers between wax paper, and cover with a towel. Chill layers for a few hours. Make the Chocolate Buttercream. Layer the chilled layers on one of the cardboard rounds with the buttercream. Start with one layer; cover with the buttercream, and then press down with another layer to make a good seal. Repeat this with the remaining layers, but reserve one layer. Wrap the cake in plastic, and chill for at least 6 hours along with the remaining buttercream. Grease the other cardboard round with the shortening, and place the last layer on it. Place 1 cup sugar into a non-stick skillet over medium heat. Allow sugar to cook until the edges look melted and brown. Begin stirring with a wooden spoon. Cook until the sugar become an amber color, and is smooth. Carefully pour the caramel over the top of the last layer, and spread to the edges with an oiled knife. Quickly, using an oiled knife, indent the top of the caramel into 16 wedges. Allow to cool slightly, and then retouch the indents with the knife again. Place layer onto a counter top dusted with sugar, and allow the caramel to cool completely. Place some more buttercream on top of the chilled torte, and top with the caramel round. Frost the sides with the remaining buttercream. Chill the torte before serving. Editor's Note Get the recipe for Chocolate Buttercream .

Title: Homemade Flour Tortillas
Ingredients: 4 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons lard, 1 ½ cups water
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk flour, baking powder, and salt together in a mixing bowl. Rub in lard with your fingers until mixture resembles cornmeal. Add water and mix until dough comes together. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer dough onto a lightly floured surface; knead for a few minutes until smooth and elastic. Divide dough into 24 equal pieces and roll each piece into a ball. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Use a well-floured rolling pin to roll a dough ball into a thin, round tortilla. Place into the hot skillet, and cook until bubbly and golden; flip and continue cooking until golden on the other side. Place the cooked tortilla in a tortilla warmer; continue rolling and cooking the remaining dough. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve and enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Authentic Mexican Tortillas
Ingredients: 3 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, ¾ cup shortening or lard, ¾ cup hot water
Instructions: Combine flour, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Cut in shortening by hand, or with a pastry cutter until mixture is crumbly. If mixture looks more floury than crumbly, add one or two more tablespoons of shortening. Add about 3/4 cup hot water, or just enough to moisten. Knead dough by hand or with a large fork, rubbing dough against the sides of the mixing bowl to gather any clinging dough. If dough still sticks to the side of the bowl, add a couple more tablespoons of flour until dough forms a soft round shape. For best results, cover dough with a clean dish towel, and let it rest for about an hour or so. Divide dough into 12 equal-sized balls. Roll each ball on a lightly floured surface to about 1/8-inch thick. Heat a cast iron skillet over medium heat. Place a tortilla in the preheated pan and cook until browned and slightly puffy, about 30 seconds to 1 minute. Turn tortilla over to brown on second side, about 30 seconds or a minute more; transfer to a plate. Repeat with each piece of dough. Keep cooked tortillas covered with a towel to stay warm and moist until ready to serve. Laura L

Title: Baked Corn Tortilla Strips for Mexican Soups
Ingredients: 8 (6 inch) corn tortillas, 2 tablespoons avocado oil, or more as needed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cut tortillas in half, then slice crosswise into 1/8-inch strips. Place strips into a bowl and toss with oil until fully coated. Transfer oiled strips to a baking sheet and arrange in a single layer. Bake in the preheated oven until crisp and lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool before using.

Title: Shrimp Tostadas
Ingredients: 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, minced, 1/3 cup freshly-squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon avocado oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 1 (8 ounce) package shredded cabbage, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon bouillon (such as Better Than Bouillon Sofrito Base®), 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 24 raw shrimp (frozen or fresh), peeled and deveined, 1 (15 ounce) can refried black beans, 1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 teaspoon garlic granules, 8 (6-inch) tostada shells, 4 ounces queso fresco, crumbled, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1/2 cup Mexican-style crema, 8 lime slices
Instructions: Combine mayonnaise, minced chipotle peppers, lime juice, honey, avocado oil, 1 teaspoon cumin, and salt to taste for the slaw in a large bowl. Stir until well blended. Add shredded cabbage and toss to coat. Refrigerate until ready to use. Combine water, sofrito base, and cayenne pepper in a large skillet for the slaw. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Add shrimp to the boiling liquid, bring back to a boil, and cook until shrimp turn white and peachy-pink, and make a “C” shape, 3 to 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon or spider, remove shrimp from the cooking liquid immediately. Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the broiler. Line a baking tray with aluminum foil. Stir refried beans, smoked paprika, 1/2 teaspoon cumin, and garlic granules together in a bowl for the tostadas. Spread each tostada shell with bean mixture, 1 to 2 tablespoons per tostada, or to taste. Sprinkle queso fresco crumbles evenly on each tostada. Place tostadas on the prepared baking tray in a single layer. Broil under the preheated broiler until cheese begins to melt, 1 to 2 minutes. Watch that tostada shells do not burn. Place about 1/2 cup of the prepared slaw on each tostada. Top with chopped cilantro to taste. Add three shrimp per tostada, and drizzle crema over all. Serve with lime slices, if desired.

Title: Chef John's Chicken Tinga
Ingredients: 3 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 cup water, 1 large yellow onion, halved, 3  peeled whole garlic cloves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more to taste, ½ teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 (7 ounce) can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 1 (28 ounce) can peeled plum tomatoes (preferably San Marzano), 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, or more to taste, 2 tablespoons crumbled cotija cheese, or to taste
Instructions: Place chicken thighs, chicken stock, water, halved onion, garlic cloves, salt, and oregano in a large pot. Bring to a simmer over high heat; reduce to medium-low and cook, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes. Remove from heat. Transfer onion halves to a bowl with a slotted spoon; transfer chicken thighs to a separate bowl. Pour broth through a strainer into a large bowl. Heat olive oil in the same pot over medium heat. Add diced onions and cook until beginning to soften, about 4 minutes. Transfer strained liquid to onions. Bring mixture to a boil over high heat; turn heat to medium-low; reduce broth by about half, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer reserved boiled onions to a blender. Add chipotle peppers in adobo sauce. Swirl a bit of water in the can and add to the blender. Add tomatoes. Cover blender with the lid; pulse on and off until mixture is partially blended, then blend on medium speed until smooth, 1 or 2 minutes. Transfer to pot with broth and onions. Increase heat to medium-high. Simmer 15 minutes or so, depending on how thick you want the sauce. Reduce heat to medium-low. Tear chicken into bite-size pieces and add to the pot. Cook another 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish; garnish with cilantro and crumbled cotija cheese. Chef John Recipe Tips You can substitute 3 1/2 cups of any fresh or canned tomato product for the 28-ounce can of San Marzano tomatoes. Top with the usual suspects, like shredded cheese, chopped green onions, sour cream, etc.

Title: Crispy Oven Beef-and-Bean Tostadas
Ingredients: ½ teaspoon garlic salt, ½ teaspoon onion powder, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, ½ teaspoon ground cumin, or to taste, ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, ½ pound ground beef, ½ cup chopped sweet onion, or more to taste, 1 clove garlic, minced, 6  corn tortillas, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups refried beans, 2 cups shredded lettuce, or as desired, 1 ½ cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 1  tomato, diced
Instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Mix garlic salt, onion powder, garlic powder, cumin, and black pepper together in a small bowl. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir beef, onion, and garlic in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease. Keep warm while preparing tostada shells. Brush oil over both sides of tortillas and arrange on a baking sheet. Bake tortillas in preheated oven until crisped on top, about 5 minutes. Flip tortillas and continue baking until other side crisps, 2 to 3 minutes more. Heat refried beans in a saucepan over medium-low, stirring regularly until hot, about 5 minutes (see Cook's Note). Divide refried beans between tostadas and spread over one side of each; spoon ground beef mixture over the beans. Top each tostada with lettuce, Cheddar cheese, and diced tomato. Cook's Notes: Additional garnishes for tostadas can include salsa, sour cream, guacamole, black olives, and Mexican-blend shredded cheese. For fewer calories, omit the beef topping. Try cooked shredded chicken to make chicken tostadas. If you like your ground beef a bit more spicy, add to the seasoning mix: 1 teaspoon chili powder (such as New Mexico powdered Chimayo), 1/2 teaspoon onion powder, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon paprika, 1/4 teaspoon seasoned salt (such as Lawry's(R), 1/4 teaspoon low-sodium beef bouillon granules, 1/8 teaspoon ground cumin, and 1/8 teaspoon sugar. You can use your own refried beans in this recipe, or use a can of your favorite brand.

Title: These 3-Ingredient Little Debbie's Christmas Tree Truffles Are a Must-Try This Holiday Season
Ingredients: 10 Little Debbie Chocolate Christmas Tree Cakes (from 2 [8.62-oz.] pkg.), 1 (8-oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened, 2 (10-oz.) pkg. white candy melts (such as Ghirardelli) (about 4 cups), Green and red sprinkles, for garnish, 1 (7-oz.) pouch red cookie icing (such as Betty Crocker)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place cakes in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Pulse mixer until cakes are crumbled, about 10 pulses. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add cream cheese and beat on low speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using a 2 teaspoon cookie scoop, portion dough into 1-inch balls and arrange on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Freeze, uncovered, until firm, about 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Roll dough portions in your palms until smooth (dough will be sticky, gloves are recommended). Return to freezer until firm, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Microwave candy melts in a medium microwaveable bowl on 50% power until melted, stopping to stir every 30 seconds, 2 to 3 minutes total. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Using a fork, dip truffles into melted candy melts, using side of the bowl to scrape off excess chocolate. Transfer to a clean parchment-lined baking sheet. Immediately sprinkle with sprinkles. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pipe cookie icing in curved lines over truffles. Set aside to set completely before serving, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chocolate Rum Snowballs
Ingredients: 1 (11-ounce) box vanilla wafers, 3/4 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for rolling, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1/4 cup mini dark chocolate chips, or finely chopped dark chocolate, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon dark rum, plus more as needed, 3 cups finely shredded sweetened coconut, 10 ounces white chocolate, chopped into small pieces
Instructions: Combine vanilla wafers, powdered sugar, cocoa powder, and chocolate chips in a food processor. Pulse on and off until mixture is finely ground. Add maple syrup and rum. Pulse until mixture comes together to form a stiff, but moldable dough. If mixture is too dry to scoop and roll balls, add more rum, a little at a time, and pulse again, until the proper texture is reached. Chef's Note: At this point you can finish snowballs by rolling in confectioners’ sugar to coat; wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve. Scoop out portions of dough and roll into smooth balls. The ideal size is between 1 and 1 1/2 inches. Place on a plate; cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate while you prepare the white chocolate coating. Place coconut in a shallow bowl; set aside. Place a heat-proof (metal or glass) bowl over a small saucepan of simmering water over low heat. Reserve about 20% of white chocolate to stir in later; place the rest in the bowl, and let sit, without stirring, until almost all the pieces are melted. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the chocolate should read 105 degrees F (41 degrees C). Add in reserved white chocolate, and stir until smooth and runny. Drop a rum ball into white chocolate. Use 2 forks to roll it around to coat, then lift out, letting excess chocolate drip off. Drop into the bowl of coconut; toss to coat. Using your hands, do the final shaping, pressing coconut lightly into coating. Transfer to a plate. Repeat until all rum balls are coated. Place the bowl of white chocolate back over hot water if it begins to harden. Wrap and refrigerate until needed. Rum balls are best made ahead and left to “age.” Can be made a week or more ahead, as long as they are kept tightly wrapped. Chef John Chef's Notes: Any liquor can be used instead of rum. There will be leftover white chocolate and coconut, but you need a certain amount of excess to be able to coat the rum balls properly. For a more detailed procedure on making the white chocolate coating, have a look at our Nipples of Venus recipe, as referenced in the video. From the Editor: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of coconut and white chocolate ingredients. The actual amount consumed will vary.

Title: Coconut Bonbons
Ingredients: ¼ cup butter, 1 pound confectioners' sugar, 1 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 cups flaked coconut, 9 (1-ounce) squares semisweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons shortening
Instructions: Mix butter, confectioners' sugar, and sweetened condensed milk together in a medium bowl; mix in coconut. Roll dough into 1 inch balls; refrigerate until set, about 1 hour. Melt chocolate and shortening over a double boiler, stirring occasionally until smooth. Remove from heat when melted, and stir to make sure the shortening is fully incorporated. Use toothpicks to hold the balls and dip them in the melted chocolate. Set on wax paper to dry.

Title: Easy Tuna Pasta Bake
Ingredients: 1 (14.6 ounce) package penne pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1  onion, chopped, 3 (5 ounce) cans tuna, drained and flaked, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 ¼ cups grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an oven-proof baking dish. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add penne and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain and toss pasta with olive oil. While pasta is cooking, melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring frequently, until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add tuna and cook for 2 minutes. Pour in heavy cream; season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Add penne and toss well. Transfer to the prepared baking dish and cover with Parmesan cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until the top is golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Tips You can use any small, shaped pasta.

Title: One-Pan Tuna Noodle Casserole
Ingredients: cooking spray, 1 (10 1/2 ounce) can reduced-fat and reduced-sodium condensed cream of mushroom soup, 1 cup milk, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 3 (7-ounce) packages fully cooked gemelli or rotini pasta (such as Barilla Ready Pasta®), 1 (12-ounce) can chunk white tuna, drained, 1 (10-ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 2 green onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped roasted red pepper or diced pimiento, 1 (1.5-ounce) bag sour cream and onion or plain potato chips, crushed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Coat a 2-quart baking dish with cooking spray. Whisk soup, milk, lemon juice, lemon zest, Worcestershire sauce, and crushed red pepper together in a large bowl. Stir in cooked pasta, tuna, spinach, Monterey Jack cheese, green onions, and roasted red pepper until well combined. Transfer to the prepared baking dish. Top with crushed potato chips. Cover loosely with foil and bake until hot and bubbly, about 35 minutes. Remove foil for the last 10 minutes of baking. Serve immediately and enjoy!

Title: Best Tuna Casserole
Ingredients: 1 (12 ounce) package egg noodles, 2 (10.5 ounce) cans condensed cream of mushroom soup, 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, divided, 2 (5 ounce) cans tuna, drained, 1 cup frozen green peas, ½ (4.5 ounce) can sliced mushrooms, ¼ cup chopped onion, 1 cup crushed potato chips
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rapid boil. Cook egg noodles at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, 7 to 9 minutes; drain. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Mix noodles, condensed soup, 1 cup cheese, tuna, peas, mushrooms, and onion in a large bowl until well combined. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer the mixture into a 9x13-inch baking dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top the mixture with crushed potato chip and remaining 1 cup of cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is bubbly, about 15 to 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve hot and enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Tuna Pasta Salad
Ingredients: 1 (16 ounce) package cavatappi (corkscrew macaroni), 1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons honey, ½ tablespoon garlic powder, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 2 (8 ounce) cans tuna, drained, 3 stalks celery, sliced, 1  red onion, diced, 1 cup peas, ¼ cup chopped fresh parsley, ½ cup chopped green olives, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, or to taste, 4  hard-boiled eggs, halved
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; cook pasta at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, 9 to 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. To make the dressing: Whisk mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, honey, garlic powder, salt, and pepper together in a medium bowl. Set aside. Stir tuna, celery, onion, peas, parsley, olives, and 1 teaspoon lemon juice into pasta. Pour dressing over salad, toss until coated, and add hard-boiled eggs on top.

Title: Tuna Macaroni Salad
Ingredients: 1 (12 ounce) package elbow macaroni, 1 (10 ounce) can baby peas, drained, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 (5 ounce) can tuna, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped sweet onion, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sweet pickle relish, salt and pepper to taste, 3 large hard-cooked eggs, quartered, 1 pinch paprika, for garnish
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook elbow macaroni in boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold running water. Stir together macaroni, peas, celery, tuna, and onion in a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix in mayonnaise, relish, salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Garnish with egg wedges and a sprinkle of paprika. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Turkey Sub
Ingredients: 1 (7 inch ) sub roll, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 thin slices deli turkey, 1 slice Swiss cheese, 1/2 cup roughly-shredded lettuce (such as Romaine or iceberg), 2 thin slices tomato, cut into chunks, 1/3 cup banana peppers, drained, 1/4 cup thinly sliced red onion, light sprinkle of dried oregano, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Slice the sub roll in half lengthwise. Stir mayonnaise and mustard together in a small bowl until well combined. Spread mixture on both sides of the roll. Layer turkey and Swiss cheese on the bottom half. Top with lettuce, tomatoes, banana peppers, and red onion. Sprinkle with oregano, and season with salt and pepper. Place the top half of the roll on the sandwich, and serve.

Title: Ground Turkey Stir Fry
Ingredients: 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste), 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 8 cremini mushrooms, sliced, 3 green onions, white and green parts separated, thinly sliced, 3 carrots, peeled and thinly sliced diagonally, 3 stalks celery, thinly sliced diagonally, 1 pound lean ground turkey, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Instructions: Whisk together soy sauce, honey, gochujang, sesame oil, and garlic in a small bowl; set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in wok or large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms, white parts of green onions, carrots, and celery. Stir-fry veggies, stirring constantly, until crisp-tender, about 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in the wok. Add ground turkey and cook, stirring every 15 to 20 seconds, and break up any large chunks, until evenly browned, about 5 to 6 minutes. Return veggies to the wok and pour sauce over top. Stir to combine and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Top with green parts from green onions and season to taste with salt and pepper. Cook’s Note You can use Sriracha or sambal oelek instead of gochujang.

Title: Ground Turkey Stir Fry with Vegetables
Ingredients: 1/3 cup low-sodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 cups sliced baby bella mushrooms, 1/2 red bell pepper, sliced, 1/2 green bell pepper, sliced, 1/2 small onion, peeled and sliced vertically, 1 pound ground turkey, 2 cloves garlic, minced, sliced green onions and toasted sesame seeds for garnish
Instructions: Whisk soy sauce, rice vinegar, lime juice, brown sugar, sesame oil, and cornstarch together in a small bowl; set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, red and green bell peppers, and onion, and cook just until vegetables are tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove to a plate. Add the remaining tablespoon oil to the skillet. Add ground turkey and cook, breaking up the meat into chunks with a spatula, until lightly browned and cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Reduce heat to medium-low, return vegetables to the skillet, give sauce a good stir, and pour over meat and veggies. Stir until everything is well coated, and simmer until the sauce is thickened slightly, about 2 minutes. Taste, and adjust seasoning. Garnish with green onions and sesame seeds, and serve immediately. Cook’s Note Change up the veggies to suit your taste or with what’s in season. If you’re looking for a little heat, add some Sriracha, chili paste, or red pepper flakes.

Title: Turkey Brine
Ingredients: 1 gallon vegetable broth, 1 cup sea salt, 1 tablespoon crushed dried rosemary, 1 tablespoon dried sage, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried savory, 1 gallon ice water
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Combine vegetable broth, sea salt, rosemary, sage, thyme, and savory in a large stockpot. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently to be sure salt is dissolved. Remove from heat, and let cool to room temperature. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios When the broth mixture is cool, pour it into a clean 5-gallon bucket. Stir in the ice water. Rinse and dry your turkey. Make sure you have removed the innards. Place the turkey, breast down, into the brine. Make sure that the cavity gets filled. Place the bucket in the refrigerator for 8 hours, or overnight. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Remove the turkey carefully, draining off the excess brine and pat dry. Discard excess brine. Cook the turkey as desired reserving the drippings for gravy. Keep in mind that brined turkeys cook 20 to 30 minutes faster so watch the temperature gauge. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS Editor's Notes: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of brine ingredients. The actual amount of brine consumed will vary.

Title: Ultimate Turkey Brine
Ingredients: 1 gallon water, 2 cups kosher salt, 1 ½ cups dark brown sugar, 3 large bay leaves, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 2 ½ teaspoons dried rosemary, 2 ½ teaspoons dried thyme, 12  whole cloves
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Bring water to a boil in a large stockpot. Stir in salt and brown sugar until dissolved; return to a boil. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Add bay leaves, peppercorns, rosemary, thyme, and cloves. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Remove from the heat and let cool completely before using. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Place thawed turkey into a large non-reactive container. Pour in cooled brine. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Pour in enough cool water to cover turkey with liquid. Refrigerate 8 to 12 hours. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Remove turkey from brine and let sit on counter for about 2 hours. Allrecipes/Oana Ennis Follow desired method of cooking your turkey. Editor's Note: The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the brine ingredients. The actual amount of the brine consumed will vary.

Title: Out of This World Turkey Brine
Ingredients: 2 gallons water, 1 ½ cups canning salt, ⅓ cup brown sugar, ¼ cup Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix together water, salt, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, and pepper in a food-grade bucket or container large enough to hold your turkey. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Carefully submerge turkey in brine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover and store in the refrigerator. Soak for two days before smoking or roasting. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Editor's Notes: This recipe uses canning or kosher salt, not table salt. Using table salt in this amount will make the brine too salty. Always brine foods in a food-grade, nonreactive container such as a stainless steel or enameled stockpot, a brining bag, or a food-grade plastic bucket. Never use household trash bags, plastic trash cans , metal buckets, or containers not meant for food use.

Title: Stuffed Bell Peppers
Ingredients: ¾ cup water, ½ cup uncooked white rice, 4  green bell peppers, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1  onion, chopped, 8 ounces textured vegetable protein, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 cups tomato sauce, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 4 ounces shredded mozzarella cheese
Instructions: Combine water and rice in a small saucepan; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed, about 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Cut tops off peppers and remove seeds. Arrange peppers in a large baking dish. Chop up usable portion of the tops. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Sauté chopped peppers and onion in hot oil until soft. Stir in textured vegetable protein and parsley. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Mix in cooked rice and 1 1/4 cups tomato sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon mixture into peppers; top each with remaining tomato sauce. Cover and bake in the preheated oven for about 45 minutes. Uncover, top each pepper with mozzarella cheese, and continue baking until cheese is melted, about 5 minutes more. Richie

Title: Vegan Breakfast Sausage
Ingredients: 1 cup texturized vegetable protein (TVP), 1 cup warm vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon flaxseed meal, ¾ cup quick-cooking oats, 2 tablespoons nutritional yeast, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon vital wheat gluten, 2 teaspoons dried sage, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, ½ teaspoon ground thyme, ½ teaspoon smoked paprika, ½ teaspoon salt, or to taste, ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, ¼ cup water, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 tablespoon cooking oil
Instructions: Mix TVP, vegetable broth, and flaxseed meal together in a large mixing bowl and let sit for 5 minutes. Add oats, yeast, flour, gluten, sage, black pepper, fennel seeds, garlic powder, thyme, smoked paprika, salt, and cayenne. Mix until well blended. Combine water, soy sauce, and maple syrup in a separate container and mix well. Add to the TVP mixture and combine into a slightly crumbly dough. Mix well to activate gluten and let dough sit for 5 minutes; dough should stiffen slightly and become less crumbly. Form into tablespoon-size balls and flatten slightly. Heat oil in a cast iron or nonstick frying pan over medium heat. Cook sausage patties in the hot oil until golden brown, about 5 minutes on each side. Cook's Notes: You can use warm water instead of vegetable broth, any type of flour that you prefer, and Bragg(R) Amino Acids instead of soy sauce. If dough is too wet, sprinkle slightly more flour (or oats/breadcrumbs) and mix again, adjust and mix as needed until dough will mostly still stick together in tablespoon-size balls.

Title: Vegetarian Meatloaf with Vegetables
Ingredients: ½ (14 ounce) package vegetarian ground beef (e.g., Gimme Lean TM), 1 (12 ounce) package vegetarian burger crumbles, 1  onion, chopped, 2  eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons vegetarian Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, ⅓ teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon ground sage, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons prepared mustard, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 ½ slices bread, cubed, ⅓ cup milk, 1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce, 4  carrots, cut into 1 inch pieces, 4  potatoes, cubed, 1  cooking spray
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl combine vegetarian ground beef, vegetarian ground beef crumbles, onion, eggs, Worcestershire sauce, salt, pepper, sage, garlic powder, mustard, oil, bread cubes and milk. Transfer to a 9 x 13 inch baking dish and form into a loaf. Pour tomato sauce on top. Place carrots and potatoes around loaf and spray vegetables with cooking spray. Bake 30 to 45 minutes; turn vegetables. Bake another 30 to 45 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes before slicing.

Title: Pineapple Upside Down Cupcakes
Ingredients: cooking spray, ½ cup butter, melted, 1 ½ cups brown sugar, 24  maraschino cherries, 1 (20 ounce) can crushed pineapple, 1 (15.25 ounce) package pineapple cake mix (such as Duncan Hines Pineapple Supreme), 1 ⅓ cups pineapple juice, ⅓ cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar for dusting, or as needed
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Move an oven rack to the middle of the oven. Spray 24 muffin cups with cooking spray. Spoon 1 teaspoon melted butter into the bottom of each sprayed muffin cup. Spoon 1 tablespoon brown sugar into each muffin cup. Press a maraschino cherry into the center of the brown sugar in each muffin cup. Spoon a heaping tablespoon of crushed pineapple on top and compact it with the back of a spoon into an even layer. Mix pineapple cake mix, pineapple juice, vegetable oil, and eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed until moistened, about 30 seconds. Increase speed to medium; mix for 2 minutes. Pour batter into the muffin cups, filling them to the top; do not overfill. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Line a work surface with waxed paper. Allow cupcakes to cool at least 5 minutes before inverting muffin cups onto the waxed paper; serve with pineapple and cherry sides up. Sprinkle cupcakes lightly with confectioners' sugar before serving.

Title: Old Fashioned Pineapple Upside-Down Cake
Ingredients: ½ cup butter, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 (20 ounce) can sliced pineapple, 10  maraschino cherries, halved, 1 cup sifted cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, ¼ teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, 1 cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, 1 teaspoon almond extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Melt 1/2 cup butter over very low heat in a 10-inch heavy skillet with a heat-resistant handle or a cast iron pan. Remove from heat; sprinkle brown sugar evenly into the skillet. Arrange pineapple slices to cover the bottom of the skillet. Distribute cherries around pineapples; set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl; set aside. Separate eggs; place whites in a large mixing bowl and yolks in a smaller bowl. Beat egg whites on medium speed until soft peaks form. Add white sugar gradually, beating well after each addition. Beat until medium-stiff peaks form. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Beat egg yolks at high speed until very thick and yellow. Using a wire whisk or rubber scraper, gently fold egg yolks and flour mixture into whites with an over-and-under motion until blended. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Fold 1 tablespoon melted butter and almond extract into batter, then spread batter evenly over pineapple in the skillet. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Loosen cake edges with a table knife. Cool cake for 5 minutes before inverting it onto a serving plate. Enjoy! DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS

Title: Grandma's Skillet Pineapple Upside-Down Cake
Ingredients: 1 stick butter, 1 ½ cups packed brown sugar, 1 (20 ounce) can sliced pineapple, 1 (4 ounce) jar cherries, 1 ½ cups all-purpose flour, 2 ½ teaspoons baking powder, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 ½ cups white sugar, ½ cup butter, 2 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Melt 1 stick butter in the bottom of a cast iron skillet over medium heat, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and sprinkle brown sugar evenly over butter. Add pineapple slices to the skillet in a decorative layer with a cherry in the middle of each pineapple ring. Set aside. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sift flour, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cream sugar and 1/2 cup butter together in a bowl. Add eggs and mix. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add flour mixture and milk in an alternating fashion. Add vanilla extract and mix well. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour mixture evenly over pineapples in the skillet. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until cake is golden brown, about 40 minutes. Let cake cool in the skillet for 10 minutes before inverting onto a serving plate. Serve warm. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Copycat Philadelphia Strawberry Cheesecake Bites
Ingredients: 1 1/4 cups graham cracker crumbs, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1/4 cup white sugar, 1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1/4 cup strawberry jelly, ¼ cup white chocolate candy melts
Instructions: Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix together graham cracker crumbs, butter, and sugar for crust in a bowl until well incorporated and crumbly. Press 1 tablespoon of graham cracker crust mixture into the bottom of each well in two 12-well silicone ice cube trays. Tamper the filling down into an even layer at the bottom of each well (you can use the handle end of a wooden spoon or rubber spatula to help here). Place trays in the freezer while you prepare the filling. Beat cream cheese, powdered sugar, vanilla extract, and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth and thoroughly combined. Beat cold cream in a chilled glass or metal bowl with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Gently fold whipped cream into cream cheese mixture until smooth. Remove ice cube trays from the freezer. Fill each ice cube well with the cream cheese mixture until the filling is flush with the top of the tray, about 2 tablespoons. Smooth the tops with a rubber spatula so they are even and smooth. Freeze until firm, about 1.5 hours. Gently pushing from the bottom, carefully remove each mini cheesecake from the wells. Using a small spoon, scoop a vertical well down the center of each bite, removing about 1 teaspoon of filling. Add strawberry jelly to a small plastic bag or piping bag, and cut a ⅛-inch opening in the corner. Carefully pipe the strawberry filling into the vertical wells on each bite. In a microwave safe bowl, melt white chocolate in 10 second intervals until smooth. Using a spoon, drizzle white chocolate in stripes across bars. Allow to set for 10 minutes in fridge. Serve cold. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Chocolate Mousse for Beginners
Ingredients: 3 1/2 ounces dark chocolate (62% cacao is ideal), 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1/4 cup water, 1 tiny pinch salt, 1/2 cup chilled heavy whipping cream
Instructions: Break up or chop chocolate into small pieces and set aside with butter. Add egg yolks, sugar, water, and salt to a metal mixing bowl. Cook, whisking, directly over medium-low heat until the mixture is thick, foamy, and hot to the touch (145 to 150 degrees F (63 to 65 degrees C)). Chef's Note: This mixture can also be cooked in a saucepan, but make sure the whisk is getting into the corners of the pan so egg doesn’t stick. Once the yolk mixture is thick and hot, add chocolate and butter, and whisk until all chocolate is melted. Let rest for a few minutes on the counter, whisking occasionally to further cool the mixture to just above or at room temperature. The chocolate mixture shouldn’t go into the whipped cream while still warm, but if cooled too long, the mixture may get too firm to fold in. Whisk cold cream until medium stiff peaks form. If cream is whisked further, it will separate and the final texture will be grainy. Transfer about 1/3 of chocolate mixture into whipped cream, and fold with a spatula until almost incorporated. Gently fold in remaining chocolate, trying to keep as much air in the mixture as possible. Transfer into 4 serving dishes, wrap, and chill before serving, at least 1 hour. Chef John Chef's Note: You can use 1/4 cup water as specified, or you can use another liquid for part of the water, such as a combination of 2 tablespoons water + 2 tablespoons cold coffee, or 3 tablespoons water + 1 tablespoon rum, if you would like a flavor other than pure chocolate for your mousse.

Title: Heart-Shaped Pizza
Ingredients: 1 pound prepared pizza dough, 1/2 cup pizza sauce, 3/4 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1/4 cup shredded Parmesan cheese, 1/4 cup crumbled cooked sausage, 1/4 cup pepperoni slices, or as needed
Instructions: Allow dough to come to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Divide the dough into 2 unequal pieces. One piece of dough should be smaller. Take the larger piece and press out into a square shape. Take the smaller piece and roll into a circle. Cut the circle in half. Take a teaspoon of oil and brush a pizza stone. Position the dough square on the pizza stone with one point of the square pointing down. Position the straight side of a dough half circle along the upper left edge of the square. Place the other half circle along the upper right edge of the square. Press seams together to join. Spread pizza sauce over dough to 1/2-inch from the edge. Top pizza with shredded cheese, sausage and pepperoni. Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and crust is golden, 17 to 19 minutes. Let rest 3 minutes before slicing.

Title: Easy Vegan Lemon Curd
Ingredients: ¾ cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, ½ cup chilled coconut milk, ¼ cup fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 3 tablespoons refined coconut oil, ⅛ teaspoon ground turmeric
Instructions: Stir sugar and cornstarch together in a small saucepan. Shake and stir coconut milk; pour into the saucepan with lemon juice and lemon zest. Cook mixture over medium heat, stirring frequently, until mixture is thick and coats the back of spoon, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in coconut oil and turmeric until melted and smooth. Transfer lemon curd to a medium bowl; chill until firm, about 1 hour. Cook’s Note You can store the lemon curd in an airtight container in your refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.

Title: Homemade Vegan Cheese with Cranberries
Ingredients: 2 cups chopped raw cashews, water to cover, 1 tablespoon nutritional yeast (Optional), 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon miso paste, ½ teaspoon vegetable oil, ½ teaspoon salt, or to taste, 3 tablespoons finely chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon finely chopped hazelnuts, 1 tablespoon finely chopped dried cranberries, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary
Instructions: Cover cashews with cold water in a bowl and soak for 4 hours. Drain. Combine cashews, nutritional yeast, vinegar, miso paste, and salt in the bowl of a food processor; pulse until blended. Taste and adjust seasonings according to your taste. Grease a piece of parchment paper with oil. Transfer cashew mixture onto parchment paper and form into a roll, twisting the ends of the paper to secure. Refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours. Mix walnuts, hazelnuts, cranberries, and rosemary on a plate. Remove cheese log from fridge and paper and roll in the nut mixture. Recipe Tip If you are pressed for time you can soak the cashews in boiling water for 1 hour.

Title: Cultured Cashew Cream Cheese
Ingredients: 2 cups raw cashews, 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 tablespoon nutritional yeast, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons plain cashewmilk yogurt, 1/4 cup water, or as needed
Instructions: Place cashews in a bowl with enough cold water to cover, and soak cashews overnight or up to 24 hours. Drain, and add nuts to a blender, along with sea salt, nutritional yeast, vinegar, cashew yogurt, and water. Blend on high until very smooth. Transfer into a sterilized glass container (See Note), and let ferment in a warm spot for 8 to 24 hours, or until the mixture is as tangy and fermented as you want. This can be done at room temperature, which will take longer, or wrapped in a heating pad set on low (about 90 degrees F (32 degrees C)), which will speed up the process. Check, stir, and taste mixture a few times during the process to monitor its progress. Once the mixture has fermented as long as you want, season with salt to taste. At this point, additional flavoring can be added such as garlic, herbs, or spices. Chill before serving, at least 1 hour. For best results, refrigerate for 24 to 48 hours to let the flavors develop even more. John Mitzewich From the Editor: To prevent rogue bacteria from taking over the fermentation process, use very clean tools. A dishwasher set to sanitize might be adequate for cleaning the spoon and blender you use, but the fermentation container and lid should be sterilized. Here are 3 easy methods for sterilizing: Fill a bowl with boiling water to the brim; immerse container and lid. Let sit for 10 minutes. Drain and air dry. Wash and rinse container and lid; air dry. Place the container and lid in the oven at 200 degrees F (95 degrees C) for 10 minutes. Dilute 1 teaspoon bleach in 3 1/2 quarts water. Immerse and soak equipment for 5 minutes. Rinse thoroughly with hot water. Air dry. Cover until ready to use to avoid recontamination.

Title: Million Dollar Potato Salad
Ingredients: 4 large eggs, 3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 1/2 cup dill pickle brine, divided, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1/2 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 6 slices bacon, 1/3 cup finely sliced chives, 1/4 cup chopped dill pickles, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1/3 cup crispy fried onions
Instructions: Gather your ingredients. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Place eggs into a small pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then remove from the heat and cover with a lid. Let sit for 10 minutes. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Drain eggs and place into an ice bath to cool completely. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Peel eggs and cut into quarters, or smaller if you prefer. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Peel potatoes and cut into roughly 2-inch chunks. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Add potatoes to a large pot of cold water, season the water generously with salt, and add 1/4 cup pickle juice (this helps them to hold together once cooked - you can alternatively use 2 tablespoons white vinegar). Bring to a boil over a high heat, reduce the heat, and simmer until potatoes are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain potatoes and set aside. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Meanwhile, make dressing: Stir Parmesan, mayonnaise, sour cream, mustard, and remaining 1/4 cup dill pickle brine together in a bowl. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Pour the dressing over the hot potatoes and stir to coat. Taste and season with salt, if needed, then leave to cool. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack Place bacon into a large skillet and fry over medium heat, turning over to let both sides crisp up, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a chopping board and cut into bite-sized pieces. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack To the cooled potatoes, add the boiled eggs, celery, chopped dill pickle, most of the bacon and most of the chives. Mix together to combine. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack When ready to serve, transfer the potato salad to a serving dish and garnish with remaining chives and bacon, as well as the crispy fried onions. Allrecipes/Izy Hossack

Title: Sugar Snap Peas with Peanut Dipping Sauce
Ingredients: 1/4 cup powdered peanut butter (such as PB2®) or 1/4 cup peanut butter, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons tamari or soy sauce, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed, 1/4 teaspoon salt, lime wedges, for serving, chopped peanuts, for serving
Instructions: Whisk together powdered peanut butter, lime juice, tamari, and ginger in a small bowl. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, to reach a dipping consistency. Heat oil in a very large skillet over high heat. Add peas and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until peas are blistered with some charred spots, about 5 minutes. Serve with lime wedges and peanut sauce. Garnish sauce with chopped peanuts.

Title: Spiced Roasted Okra with Mini Peppers
Ingredients: 12 ounces fresh okra pods, 8 ounces mini sweet peppers, halved, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Arrange okra and sweet peppers in an even layer on the prepared baking sheet. Drizzle with oil; toss to coat. Roast in the preheated oven until browned, about 20 minutes. Stir together garam masala, coriander, cumin, turmeric, garlic powder, salt, cayenne pepper, and black pepper. Sprinkle over veggies; toss to coat.

Title: Salmon Caesar Salad
Ingredients: 1 (8 ounce) salmon filet, 2 teaspoons oil, 2 teaspoons honey, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 anchovies, 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1/2 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 slices day-old bread, cut into cubes, 1/2 teaspoon italian seasoning, 1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 head Romaine lettuce, torn into bite-sized pieces, shaved Parmesan cheese for garnish
Instructions: Set a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Heat 2 teaspoons oil until it shimmers. Add salmon, skin side down. Brush with honey; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover and cook for 4 minutes. Carefully flip salmon and reduce the heat to medium. Continue cooking until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 5 minutes more. Remove salmon to a plate or container; cover and refrigerate until very cold, at least 2 hours. For dressing, crack an egg into a food processor. Add lemon juice, Worcestershire, Dijon, garlic, anchovies, grated Parmesan and black pepper; pulse to combine. With food processor running, drizzle in oil until mixture emulsifies. Refrigerate dressing until needed. For croutons, melt butter in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add bread cubes; sprinkle with Italian seasoning and granulated garlic. Toast until croutons are browned, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; set aside. For salad, add lettuce to a large bowl. Flake salmon with a fork into bite-sized pieces and add to the bowl. Drizzle with Caesar dressing; top with croutons and shaved Parmesan.

Title: Broccolini Salad
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 bunches broccolini, stems trimmed, 1/2 small red onion, sliced, 1/3 cup dried cranberries (such as Craisins®), 2 ounces crumbled feta cheese, or more to taste
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread pine nuts onto a baking sheet. Toast in the preheated oven until pine nuts start to turn golden brown and become fragrant, 7 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine maple syrup, red wine vinegar, Dijon, and lemon juice in a small bowl. Stream in the olive oil, whisking until well combined, and season with salt and pepper. Set aside. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add broccolini, and cook until just crisp-tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the stems to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. After a couple minutes, drain well, and pat dry with a paper towel. Combine the broccolini, red onion, dried cranberries, and toasted pine nuts in a large bowl. Drizzle with the dressing, and toss gently. Plate the salad with sprinkled crumbled feta cheese over the top.

Title: Beef and Pineapple Stir Fry
Ingredients: 1 pound beef top round or top sirloin, thinly sliced, 1/4 cup cornstarch, divided, 1 (14-ounce) can pineapple chunks in juice, drained, juice reserved, 1/2 cup beef broth, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sambal oelek or Sriracha, or to taste, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 cup matchstick-cut carrots, 7 ounces fresh snow peas, trimmed, 1/2 large red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, fresh chopped chives for garnish (optional), hot cooked rice (optional)
Instructions: Combine beef strips and 2 tablespoons cornstarch in a bowl; toss until beef strips are evenly coated. Set aside. To make sauce, stir 1/4 cup reserved pineapple juice, beef broth, soy sauce, rice vinegar, and sambal oelek or Sriracha together in a bowl; set aside. Heat oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add beef and onion to the hot oil, and cook, stirring quickly and constantly, until beef is browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in carrots, snow peas, and bell pepper; cook and stir about 1 minute. Add garlic and ginger and cook about 30 seconds. Stir in reserved sauce and pineapple chunks. Stir remaining cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water and add to the skillet. Cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is thickened, 1 to 2 minutes more. Serve immediately with hot cooked rice, garnished with fresh chives, if desired.

Title: Red Lentil Chili
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2  carrots, chopped, 1 zucchini, cut into bite-sized pieces, 1 onion, chopped, 1 poblano pepper, chopped, 3 tablespoons chili powder, divided, 3 tablespoons cumin, divided, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 fresh jalapeño pepper, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes with juice, 2 cups vegetable broth, 1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 1 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup red lentils, rinsed and drained
Instructions: Heat oil over medium heat in a Dutch oven. Add carrots, zucchini, onion, poblano pepper, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon cumin, and smoked paprika. Cook until onion is soft and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove zucchini from Dutch oven and set aside. Add garlic and jalapeño pepper to the vegetable mixture and stir to combine. Add tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chili powder, and 1 tablespoon cumin; stir for 2 to 3 minutes. Add diced tomatoes and vegetable broth, and bring to a boil. Once liquid boils, stir in kidney beans, black beans, and red lentils. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, leaving lid ajar, and simmer for 15 minutes. Season with remaining chili powder and cumin to taste. Return zucchini to the pot and reduce heat to low. Cover and allow flavors to blend for about 20 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning if needed.

Title: Oyster Mushroom Po’Boys
Ingredients: 4 cups vegetable oil for frying, or as needed, 6 ounces oyster mushrooms, large stems removed, cut into 1-inch pieces, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt, divided, plus more to taste, 1/4 cup unsweetened plant milk, 3/4 cup finely ground cornmeal, 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup purchased remoulade sauce, 4 hoagie buns, split and toasted, if desired, 1 large tomato, cut into 8 slices, 1 cup shredded lettuce, lemon wedges, for serving
Instructions: Pour oil to a depth of 1 inch in a large deep, heavy-bottomed skillet or pot (preferably cast-iron) or a deep fryer; heat oil to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). You’ll need about 4 cups oil. Toss together mushrooms, 1 tablespoon oil, lemon juice, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Let stand 15 minutes. Add plant milk; toss to coat. Meanwhile, whisk together cornmeal, flour, Cajun seasoning, black pepper, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt in a shallow dish. Working in batches, dredge mushrooms in cornmeal mixture, shaking off excess. Transfer to a wire rack. Working in batches, fry mushrooms until deep golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. If you like, sprinkle mushrooms with additional salt. Spread remoulade sauce on hoagie buns. Top with tomato, lettuce, and mushrooms. Serve with lemon wedges. Cook's Notes: Vegan-ize: Replace purchased remoulade sauce with a vegan version: Whisk together 1/3 cup vegan mayonnaise; 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard; 1 tablespoon ketchup; 1 teaspoon each minced garlic, less-sodium soy sauce, and lemon juice; 1/2 teaspoon prepared horseradish; and 1/2 teaspoon paprika, in a small bowl. Makes 1/2 cup. Make it Meaty: Substitute 16 ounces shucked, well-drained oysters for the mushrooms. Soak oysters in 1 cup milk 15 minutes (omitting oil, lemon juice, and salt in Step 2); drain. Increase salt in Step 3 to 1/2 teaspoon. Dredge, fry, and serve as directed. From the Editor: Nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of breading ingredients. The actual amount of breading consumed will vary. We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and specific type of oil used.

Title: Lentil Chili Carrot Dogs
Ingredients: 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup minced onion, divided, 1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 (15 ounce) can lentils, drained and rinsed, 1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar, 8 large carrots (about 1 inch in diameter), peeled, 1/2 cup packed brown sugar, 4 cups water, plus more as needed, 2 cups less-sodium soy sauce, 8 drops liquid smoke, 8 hot dog buns, split, 4 ounces Cheddar cheese, shredded (about 1 cup), yellow mustard, for serving
Instructions: Make Lentil Chili: Reserve 1/2 cup onion for serving. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add remaining 1/2 cup onion; cook, stirring occasionally, until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add chili powder, paprika, cumin, garlic powder, pepper, and salt. Cook, stirring constantly, 1 minute. Add lentils, tomato sauce, vinegar, and brown sugar. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat; reduce heat to low. Simmer, uncovered, to allow flavors to meld, about 15 minutes; keep warm. Prepare Carrot Dogs: Meanwhile, trim carrots to about 7 inches (see Cook’s Note). Whisk together brown sugar, water, soy sauce, and liquid smoke in a large saucepan. Add carrots and enough additional water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, covered, until carrots are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Keep warm in cooking liquid until ready to serve; drain. Serve carrots in buns; top with chili, cheese, and reserved 1/2 cup onion. Serve with mustard. Cook's Notes: Tip: To make the carrots resemble hot dogs, use a veggie peeler to round the ends of the carrots. Vegan-ize: Omit cheese or use a vegan Cheddar. Make it Meaty: Substitute 8 hot dogs, heated according to package instructions, for the carrots and skip Steps 3 and 4. From the Editor: For nutrition for this recipe, we have estimated absorption of 10% of cooking liquid ingredients. The actual amount consumed will vary.

Title: TikTok Croiffles
Ingredients: frozen uncooked croissants, Crescent roll dough, Puff pastry dough
Instructions: Croiffles with Frozen Croissant Dough Preheat your waffle iron to medium-low heat, then spritz with cooking spray. If desired, roll the thawed dough in sugar before cooking (it should stick with ease). Place the thawed dough on the waffle iron, close the lid, and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, or until golden brown. Croiffles with Crescent Roll Dough Preheat your waffle iron to medium-low heat, then spritz with cooking spray. On a lightly-floured surface, roll out the crescent roll dough with a rolling pin until it reaches an even thinness, being careful not to incorporate too much flour. Cut along the perforated lines. Place 1-2 tablespoons of your desired filling on the wide end of the dough and, starting on the wide end, roll the dough into a croissant shape. Move the rolled dough to the waffle iron, close the lid, and cook for 1 ½ to 3 minutes, or until golden brown. Croiffles with Puff Pastry Dough Preheat your waffle iron to medium-low heat, then spritz with cooking spray. On a lightly-floured surface, roll out the sheet of puff pastry dough with a rolling pin until you get a large rectangle with even thinness. Be careful not to incorporate too much flour. Using a knife or pizza cutter, cut out 8 long and thin triangles. Place 1-2 tablespoons of your desired filling on the wide end of the triangle and, starting on the wide end, roll the dough into a croissant shape. Move the rolled dough to the waffle iron, close the lid, and cook for 4-6 minutes, or until golden brown. Allrecipes

Title: Waffle House-Style Waffles
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon baking powder, ½ teaspoon baking soda, 1 large egg, ¼ cup sugar, ¼ cup salted butter, softened, plus more for serving, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup half-and-half, ½ cup buttermilk, cooking spray, pure maple syrup, and/or chocolate chips, for serving
Instructions: Whisk together flour, cornstarch, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in a bowl. Whisk together egg, sugar, butter, and vanilla in a separate large bowl until mixture is smooth. Whisk in half-and-half and buttermilk. Add flour mixture; stir until just combined and a few lumps remain. (Do not overmix.) Chill, covered, at least 1 hour or up to overnight. Preheat waffle iron to medium-high; lightly coat with cooking spray. Pour about 2/3 cup batter onto waffle iron. Cook until golden and crisp on edges, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a plate; keep warm. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve waffles with maple syrup, chocolate chips, and/or additional butter.

Title: Waffles
Ingredients: 2 large eggs, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 ¾ cups milk, ½ cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 4 teaspoons baking powder, ¼ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, nonstick cooking spray
Instructions: Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Whisk eggs in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add flour, milk, and vegetable oil and mix to combine. Whisk in sugar, then mix in baking powder, salt, and vanilla just until smooth, being careful not to overmix. Spray the preheated waffle iron with nonstick spray. Pour batter onto the hot waffle iron and cook until golden brown and the iron stops steaming, 3 to 5 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studio

Title: Waldorf Salad
Ingredients: ½ cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, ⅛ teaspoon salt, 3 apples — peeled, cored, and chopped, 1 cup thinly sliced celery, ½ cup chopped walnuts, ½ cup raisins (Optional)
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk mayonnaise, sugar, lemon juice, and salt together in a serving bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir in apples, celery, walnuts, and raisins. Cover and chill in the refrigerator until ready to serve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Simply The Best Chicken Waldorf Salad
Ingredients: ½ cup chopped walnuts, 2  cooked rotisserie chicken breasts, cubed, 1 cup seedless red grapes, halved, ½ cup dried cranberries, ½  Granny Smith apple, cored and cubed, ¼ cup chopped red onion, ½ cup mayonnaise, ½ cup vanilla yogurt, 2 teaspoons lemon juice
Instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spread chopped walnuts onto a baking sheet. Roast walnuts in the preheated oven until they are fragrant and browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove and let cool. Lightly toss chicken with grape halves, cranberries, apple, walnuts, and onion in a salad bowl. Whisk mayonnaise, vanilla yogurt, and lemon juice in a separate bowl. Pour dressing over salad and toss again to coat.

Title: Simple Waldorf Salad
Ingredients: ½ cup mayonnaise, 2 ½ tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 1  apple - peeled, cored, and chopped, 1 large stalk celery, diced, ½ cup raisins, ½ cup chopped walnuts, salt and pepper to taste
Instructions: Whisk together mayonnaise and vinegar in a mixing bowl. Add apples, celery, raisins, and walnuts to the bowl. Season with salt and pepper; mix well. Place in the refrigerator until chilled, about 30 minutes.

Title: Simple Whole Wheat Bread
Ingredients: 3 cups warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C), 2 (.25 ounce) packages active dry yeast, ⅔ cup honey, divided, 5 cups bread flour, 5 tablespoons butter, melted, divided, 1 tablespoon salt, 4 cups whole wheat flour, or more as needed
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix warm water, yeast, and 1/3 cup honey in a large bowl to dissolve. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add 5 cups bread flour, and stir to combine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Let sit for 30 minutes, or until big and bubbly. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Mix in 3 tablespoons melted butter, remaining 1/3 cup honey, and salt. Stir in 2 cups whole wheat flour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer dough to a floured work surface and gradually knead in remaining 2 cups whole wheat flour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Knead until dough starts to pull away from the work surface, adding more whole wheat flour if necessary; dough should be a bit tacky to the touch, but not too sticky. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place in a greased bowl, turning once to coat the surface of the dough. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cover with a dish towel and let rise in a warm place until doubled, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Grease three 9x5-inch loaf pans. Punch down the dough, and divide it into 3 loaves. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place in the prepared loaf pans, and allow to rise until dough has topped the pans by one inch, another 45 minutes to 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bake the risen loaves in the preheated oven until golden brown for 25 to 30 minutes, do not overbake. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Lightly brush the tops of the loaves with remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter when done to prevent crust from getting hard. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cool completely. Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Quick Whole Wheat Chapati
Ingredients: 2 ½ cups whole wheat flour, ¾ teaspoon salt, 1 cup water
Instructions: Mix flour and salt together in a bowl. Stir in water to form a soft dough. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead several times. Divide into 8 pieces and roll each into a ball. Roll each ball into a very thin round using a rolling pin. Heat a griddle over medium-high heat. Cook each dough round on griddle until dough bubbles and blisters appear, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until lightly browned on the other side.

Title: Amazing Whole Wheat Pizza Crust
Ingredients: 1 ½ cups warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C), 1 teaspoon white sugar, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups whole wheat flour, 1 ½ cups all-purpose flour
Instructions: Pour warm water into a large bowl; stir in sugar to dissolve. Sprinkle yeast on top and let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Stir olive oil and salt into yeast mixture; mix in whole wheat flour and 1 cup all-purpose flour until dough starts to come together. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn dough out onto a surface floured with remaining all-purpose flour; knead until all of the flour has been absorbed and dough becomes smooth, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place dough in an oiled bowl and turn to coat the surface. Cover loosely with a towel; let stand in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface; divide into 2 pieces for 2 thin crusts, or leave whole to make one thick crust. Form dough into a tight ball; place dough back into an oiled bowl and turn to coat the surface. Cover loosely with a towel; let stand in a warm place until doubled in size, about 45 minutes. Grease a large pizza pan. Roll a ball of dough with a rolling pin until it will not stretch any further. Then, drape it over both of your fists, and gently pull the edges outward, while rotating crust. When the circle has reached the desired size, place on the prepared pizza pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake with sauce, cheese and toppings. DOTDASH MEREDITH FOOD STUDIOS To Top and Bake Crust: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Spread crust with sauce and toppings of your choice. Bake in the preheated oven until crisp and browned at the edges, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes before serving. Although making pizza is simple, there are a few tricks that will help ease the process.

Title: Corned Beef Roast
Ingredients: 1 (5 1/2 pound) corned beef brisket with spice packet, 7 small potatoes, peeled and diced, 4 medium carrots, peeled and diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Place corned beef brisket in the center of a roasting pan. Arrange potatoes and carrots around the sides, then scatter onion and garlic over top. Sprinkle seasoning packet over beef, then pour in water until potatoes are almost covered. Cover with a lid or heavy aluminum foil. Roast in the preheated oven until corned beef is so tender it can be flaked apart with a fork, about 5 to 6 hours.

Title: Bacon-Wrapped Cherries
Ingredients: 36  maraschino cherries, stemmed, drained and juice reserved, 18 slices bacon slices, halved, 36  toothpicks
Instructions: Set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Wrap each cherry with a bacon half, secure with a toothpick, and arrange on a baking sheet. Drizzle reserved cherry juice over wrapped cherries. Broil in the preheated oven until bacon is crisped to your liking, 3 to 10 minutes. Tips Cooking time may be increased if you want the bacon crisp, but I think that the bacon is better soft. Although I have never tried it, I imagine that this recipe would also be good on a grill with a grate small enough that the cherries don't fall through.

Title: Prosciutto-Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with Crispy Sage
Ingredients: 1 pound pork tenderloin, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 bunch fresh sage, leaves removed and stems discarded, divided, 6 ounces prosciutto, 1 tablespoon olive oil, or more as needed
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly season pork with salt and black pepper. Arrange about 6 sage leaves over tenderloin. Wrap prosciutto around tenderloin and sage, overlapping prosciutto slightly; wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate to allow prosciutto to set on pork tenderloin, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove plastic wrap. Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Fry wrapped tenderloin in the hot oil until prosciutto is crispy and lightly browned on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer wrapped tenderloin to a baking dish, reserving oil in the skillet. Bake tenderloin in the preheated oven until pork is cooked through, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Heat reserved oil in the skillet over medium heat; fry remaining sage leaves until crispy, adding more oil as needed, about 5 minutes. Slice tenderloin and serve with crispy sage leaves.

Title: Whoopie Pies
Ingredients: 1 cup white sugar, ½ cup shortening, 2  eggs, separated, divided, 2 cups all-purpose flour, 5 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, ½ teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups confectioners' sugar, ¾ cup shortening, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets. Make the cookies: Beat sugar, shortening, and egg yolks together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Sift flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a separate bowl; add to shortening mixture in batches, alternating with milk, beating briefly after each addition until smooth. Stir in vanilla. Drop spoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes; transfer to a wire rack and allow to cool completely. Make the filling: Beat confectioners' sugar, shortening, reserved egg whites, and salt together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Stir in vanilla. Choose 2 cookies of the same size; spread a thick layer of filling on the flat side of one cookie; top with remaining cookie. Repeat with remaining cookies and frosting. Editor's Note: This recipe contains raw egg. We recommend that pregnant women, young children, the elderly, and the immunocompromised do not consume raw egg. If you don't want to use raw egg white in the filling, leave it out. Substitute 1 whole egg for the 2 egg yolks in the cookie recipe so you don't end up with leftover whites.

Title: Pumpkin Whoopie Pies
Ingredients: 2 cups packed brown sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 ½ cups solid pack pumpkin puree, 2 large eggs, 3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 ½ tablespoons ground cinnamon, ½ tablespoon ground ginger, ½ tablespoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1  egg white, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups confectioners' sugar, divided, ¾ cup shortening
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease baking sheets. Make the cookie dough: Combine brown sugar and oil in a bowl. Mix in pumpkin and eggs, beating well. Add flour, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, salt, baking powder, baking soda, and vanilla together into a separate bowl. Fold dry ingredients into wet ingredients and mix to combine. Drop dough by heaping teaspoons onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Let cookies cool while you make the filling. To make whoopie pie filling: Beat egg white in a bowl and mix in milk, vanilla, then 1 cup confectioners' sugar. Mix well then beat in shortening and remaining 1 cup confectioners' sugar. Beat until light and fluffy. Assemble once cookies are cool. Make sandwiches from two cookies filled with whoopie pie filling. Editor's Note: This recipe contains raw egg. We recommend that pregnant women, young children, older adults, and the immunocompromised do not consume raw egg.

Title: Cake Mix Whoopie Pies
Ingredients: 1 (18.25 ounce) package devil's food cake mix, 5 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 cup milk, 1 cup shortening, 1 cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Instructions: To make the cakes: Prepare mix as directed on package except using only 3/4 cup of water. Drop batter onto greased cookie sheet (or use parchment paper to line pan) in 2 1/2 to 3 inch circles. Bake until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Let cool. To make the filling: In a saucepan, combine milk and flour and cook, stirring constantly until it forms a thick paste. Let cool. In a medium bowl, beat sugar and shortening until fluffy. Add vanilla. Add cooled flour mixture and beat until double in volume. Turn the little cakes over on their backs. Spoon a dollop of filling onto half of the little cakes. Place the other half of the cakes on top of the filling to form sandwiches. LYNNINMA

Title: Sausage and Cabbage Stuffed Acorn Squash
Ingredients: 2 acorn squash, halved, seeds and fibers removed, 2 tablespoons slivered almonds, 1 pound lean ground sausage meat, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 large unpeeled apple, cored and diced, 2 cups finely shredded green or red cabbage, 1 teaspoon sage, 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, 1/4 tsp salt and freshly ground black pepper
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place squash halves, cut side down, in a baking pan with 1/2 inch water in the bottom. Bake squash in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the filling. Place almonds in a single layer on a baking sheet, and toast in the oven until lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain off excess fat. To the skillet with the pork, add olive oil and place over medium heat. Add onion, apple, cabbage, and almonds and cook until vegetables are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in sage and thyme; season to taste with salt and black pepper. Turn squash cut-side-up on the baking pan, and fill centers with cabbage mixture. Bake filled squash until tender and easily pierced with a fork, 20 to 25 minutes more.

Title: Butternut Squash Chili
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped yellow onion, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups vegetable broth, 1 cup chopped green bell pepper, 2 cups butternut squash, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, 1 (14 1/2 ounce) can diced tomatoes, 1 (14 1/2 ounce) can fire roasted diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper (optional), 1  (15- to 16-ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 pound cooked ground turkey or chicken (optional), 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 1/3 cup sour cream, 6 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 avocado - pitted, peeled, and diced
Instructions: Gather ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat olive oil in a 4- to 5-quart Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onion and tomato paste; cook, stirring until tomato paste begins to darken and onion is tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Add garlic, stirring until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Pour broth into Dutch oven. Add bell pepper, squash, diced tomatoes, and roasted tomatoes. Stir in brown sugar, chili powder, cumin, and crushed red pepper, if using. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until squash is tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add beans and ground meat (if using) to pot. Cover and simmer until flavors have developed, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Top with cheese, sour cream, cilantro, jalapenos, and avocado, as desired. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Pumpkin Spice Latte Pancakes
Ingredients: 1 cup milk, 1/2 cup pumpkin puree, 2 large eggs, 1/4 cup butter, melted, 1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon espresso powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2 1/2 tablespoons cinnamon butter, or as needed, 5 tablespoons pure maple syrup, or as needed
Instructions: Whisk together milk, pumpkin, eggs, and melted butter in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk together flour, brown sugar, espresso powder, baking powder, pumpkin pie spice, and salt in a bowl. Add dry ingredients to wet ingredients, and stir until moistened. A few lumps are fine. Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium heat to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle to form 3-inch pancakes. Cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve warm with cinnamon butter and maple syrup.

Title: Candied Yams
Ingredients: 1 (29 ounce) can sweet potatoes, drained, ¼ cup butter, cut into pieces, ½ cup brown sugar, 1 ½ cups miniature marshmallows
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place drained sweet potatoes in a medium baking dish. Distribute butter pieces evenly over the sweet potatoes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Sprinkle with brown sugar. Layer with miniature marshmallows. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until sweet potatoes are tender and marshmallows have melted, about 20 to 25 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Enjoy! Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Ube Cheesecake
Ingredients: cooking spray, 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, ⅛ teaspoon kosher salt, 3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened, ½ cup granulated sugar, 1 ¼ cups ube jam (Ube Halaya), ½ cup heavy whipping cream, 3 large eggs, 2 teaspoons ube extract, ½ teaspoon vanilla extract, ¼ teaspoon kosher salt, ½ cup white chocolate chips, ¼ cup heavy whipping cream, ¼ teaspoon ube extract
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly spray a 9-inch springform pan with cooking spray. Wrap outside of the pan in a double layer of heavy-duty aluminum foil, making sure to reach all the way up the sides of the pan. Prepare the Crust: Stir together graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, granulated sugar, and salt in a bowl until thoroughly combined. Press mixture onto the bottom of the prepared springform pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until set and lightly golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool for 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Prepare the Filling: Beat cream cheese with a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment on medium speed until creamy and smooth, about 2 minutes. Add sugar and beat until combined, then add ube jam and cream, beating just until no streaks remain, stopping to scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl as needed. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating on low just until combined after each addition. Add ube extract, vanilla extract, and salt and beat on low until just combined. Pour filling into the cooled crust. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Place springform pan in a large roasting pan. Add hot water to roasting pan to reach halfway up sides of springform pan. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Return to the preheated oven and bake until the center is almost set but still slightly wobbly, 55 to 60 minutes. Turn off oven, and let cheesecake stand in oven, with door ajar (about 3 inches), for 1 hour. Remove cheesecake from roasting pan, and place on a wire rack. Remove foil from outside of the pan, and cool cheesecake to room temperature, about 1 hour. Cover with plastic wrap and transfer to the refrigerator to chill completely, at least 8 or up to 24 hours. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Prepare Ganache: Place chocolate chips in a medium heat-proof bowl. Heat cream in a small saucepan over medium until steaming, then pour over the chocolate. Let stand for 1 minute, then whisk until chocolate is melted and smooth. Add ube extract and whisk to combine. Set aside to cool until thickened, about 15 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Run a knife around outer edge of cheesecake to loosen from sides of pan. Remove sides of pan. Transfer cheesecake to a serving plate or platter. Pour ganache over the top of the cheesecake, letting it drip off the sides. Transfer to the refrigerator and chill until set, about 20 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Roasted Yams
Ingredients: 1 large yam, peeled and cut into 1/4 inch thick slices, kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet or shallow baking dish with aluminum foil. Arrange yam slices in the prepared pan so they are overlapping slightly. Season with salt and pepper and then drizzle olive oil over them as evenly as possible. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake in the preheated oven until tender and yam slices have begun to wrinkle around the edges, about 30 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Hot Honey Butter Cream Cheese Stuffed Bagel
Ingredients: 1 bagel, 1 ounce cream cheese, cut into 8 slices, 1 tablespoon hot honey or regular honey, plus more for drizzle, 1 tablespoon butter, flaky salt (optional)
Instructions: Preheat an air fryer to 390 degrees F (199 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions. Make 8 small cuts in the bagel, taking care not to cut all the way through, to create small openings. Add a piece of cream cheese in each crevice around the bagel. Combine honey and melted butter in a small dish and coat the stuffed bagel liberally. Sprinkle with salt. Place bagel in the air fryer until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Drizzle with more honey if desired.

Title: Feta and Sardine Flatbread
Ingredients: 1 (12 inch) prepared pizza crust, 2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon Greek seasoning, such as Cavender's® All-Purpose Greek Seasoning, 1/4 red onion, sliced into petals, 12 pitted Kalamata olives, halved, 1 (4.375 ounce) tin sardines packed in olive oil, 1/2 cup Mediterranean herb crumbled feta cheese, 1 tomato Roma tomato, seeded and chopped, 1 small lemon, sliced, 1/4 cup packed baby spinach leaves
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place pizza crust on a round pizza pan. Whisk olive oil and Greek seasoning together in a small bowl. Brush mixture over the entire pizza crust, including the edges. Divide onion, olives, and sardines over pizza crust. Sprinkle on feta, then scatter on chopped tomatoes. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove pizza from the oven; add lemon slices and spinach leaves. Cut into slices and serve immediately.

Title: Copycat Texas Roadhouse Rolls
Ingredients: 1 cup whole milk, 1/4 cup granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, divided, 1 (1/4-oz.) envelope active dry yeast, 1 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg yolk, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, divided, 3 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, divided, plus more for work surface, cooking spray, 1 tablespoon water, cinnamon Honey Butter, for serving
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Heat milk in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until just bubbling around the edges, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and pour into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook attachment. Stir in sugar and 4 tablespoons butter; let cool, stirring occasionally, until mixture is between 110 degrees F and 120 degrees F (43 degrees C and 48 degrees C) about 10 minutes. Stir in yeast; let stand until mixture is foamy, about 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add salt, egg yolk, 1 egg, and 1/2 of the flour; beat on low speed until combined, about 1 minute. Still on low speed, carefully add remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, and beat until dough just comes together, about 1 minute. Dough will be very sticky and wet. Increase speed to medium, and beat until dough pulls away from sides of bowl and dough is smooth and elastic, 8 to 10 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Coat a large bowl with cooking spray; transfer dough to prepared bowl. Cover loosely and let rise in a warm place until about doubled in size, about 1 hour. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios With a clean hand, punch down dough and turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Press or roll dough out into a rectangle about 1/2 inch thick. Trim edges with a sharp knife to create a perfect 16- x 8-inch rectangle. Starting at one long end, fold dough in half to form a 16- x 4-inch rectangle; pinch to close dough halves together. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Use a sharp knife or pizza cutter, cut dough into 16 (2-inch) squares. Place dough squares onto a parchment paper-lined baking sheet about 1/2-inch apart. Cover loosely with plastic wrap; set aside at room temperature until about doubled in size, 1 hour. (It’s okay if the baking sheet looks a little crowded.) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Whisk together remaining egg and water until combined. Brush tops of rolls with egg wash. Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, 12 to 16 minutes. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Microwave remaining 2 tablespoons butter on HIGH until melted, about 30 seconds. Immediately brush rolls with melted butter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Serve warm with Cinnamon Honey Butter. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Five Cheese Ziti al Forno
Ingredients: 1 pound dry ziti pasta, 1 (8 ounce) package shredded Italian blend cheeses, 2 (24-ounce) jars marinara sauce, 1 (15-ounce) jar Alfredo sauce, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1/4 cup ITalian seasoned panko bread crumbs, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 cloves garlic, minced
Instructions: Gather all ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Cook the pasta 1 minute less than directed on the package. Drain pasta and transfer to a large bowl. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Set aside 1/2 cup of the Italian blend cheeses. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Add marinara sauce, Alfredo sauce, remaining Italian blend cheeses, and ricotta cheese to the pasta; toss to combine. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Transfer pasta mixture to the prepared dish. Top with reserved 1/2 cup cheese. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios For the topping, in a small bowl, combine panko, Parmesan, melted butter, and garlic. Sprinkle over the pasta mixture in the baking dish. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios Bake until golden brown and bubbly, 30 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

Title: Sausage and Spinach Baked Ziti
Ingredients: 1 pound ziti pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 10 ounces bulk Italian sausage, 1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes, divided, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 1/2 cups spinach, chopped, 15 ounces ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into small cubes, divided, 6 ounces shredded Parmesan cheese, divided, 1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped basil, or as needed for garnish (optional)
Instructions: Gather the ingredients. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in ziti and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until they just start to become tender, about 5 minutes. Drain pasta, reserving 1/2 cup pasta water. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Meanwhile, heat oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat and cook and stir Italian sausage, breaking up the meat as it cooks, until it is no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Reserve 1/3 cup crushed tomatoes and pour remaining tomatoes into sausage. Stir in garlic, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes, and spinach. Cook for 10 minutes. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Combine ricotta, heavy cream, 4 ounces cubed mozzarella cheese, 4 ounces shredded Parmesan cheese, and garlic granules in a bowl. Season with salt. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Add the cooked sausage mixture and ricotta mixture to the pasta and toss well. If mixture seems too thick, stir in reserved pasta water 2 tablespoons at a time. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Spread the reserved 1/3 cup crushed tomatoes into the bottom of the casserole dish. Pour half of pasta in an even layer over tomatoes and top with 1/2 of the remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses. Repeat with remaining pasta and cheese. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA Bake ziti in the preheated oven until cheese is lightly golden brown and pasta is heated through, 25 to 30 minutes. Garnish with chopped fresh basil. ALLRECIPES / DIANA CHISTRUGA

Title: Baked Ziti
Ingredients: 1 pound dry ziti pasta, 1  onion, chopped, 1 pound lean ground beef, 2 (26 ounce) jars spaghetti sauce, 6 ounces provolone cheese, sliced, 1 ½ cups sour cream, 6 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
Instructions: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add ziti pasta, and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes; drain. Meanwhile, brown ground beef and onion in a large skillet over medium heat; stir in spaghetti sauce and simmer for 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 9x13-inch baking dish. Spread 1/2 of the ziti in the bottom of the prepared dish; top with Provolone cheese, sour cream, 1/2 of the meat sauce, remaining ziti, mozzarella cheese, and remaining meat sauce. Top with grated Parmesan cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until heated through and cheeses have melted, about 30 minutes. chibi chef

Title: Best Zucchini Bread
Ingredients: 3 large eggs, 2 cups white sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 2 cups grated zucchini, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 cups all-purpose flour, ½ cup chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, ¼ teaspoon baking powder
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8x4-inch loaf pans. Beat eggs in a large bowl until light and frothy. Add sugar and oil; mix until well combined. Stir in zucchini and vanilla. Combine flour, nuts, cinnamon, salt, baking soda, and baking powder; stir into egg mixture until incorporated. Divide batter into the prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of each loaf comes out clean, 60 to 70 minutes.

Title: Snickerdoodle Zucchini Bread
Ingredients: cooking spray, 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1/2 cup oil, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1 1/2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup shredded zucchini, 1/4 cup white sugar, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C). Spray a loaf pan with non-stick cooking spray. Set aside. Combine 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, oil, egg, and vanilla in a large bowl; mix well. In another bowl, mix flour, cinnamon, baking soda, salt, baking powder, nutmeg, and cream of tartar. Add flour mixture to oil mixture. Stir until well combined. Batter will be very thick. Add zucchini and stir until well incorporated. Whisk 1/4 cup sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon together in a small bowl. Pour half the batter into the prepared pan, smoothing with a spatula and top with half of the cinnamon sugar. Top with remaining batter, smoothing with a spatula, and top with remaining cinnamon sugar. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 45 to 55 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes before turning out.

Title: Mom's Zucchini Bread
Ingredients: 3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 3 large eggs, 1 cup vegetable oil, 2 ¼ cups white sugar, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups grated zucchini, 1 cup chopped walnuts
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8x4-inch pans. Sift flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, and cinnamon together in a large bowl. Beat eggs, oil, sugar, and vanilla together in a separate large bowl with an electric mixer until combined; add flour mixture and beat well. Stir in zucchini and walnuts until well combined. Pour batter into the prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 40 to 60 minutes. Cool in the pans on a wire rack for 20 minutes. Run a table knife around the edges to loosen. Invert carefully onto a wire rack and let cool completely. Dotdash Meredith Food Studios

